BDSM Library - Letters from Toledo




Letters from Toledo
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  He needed a keyholder for his chastity belt, and his wife trained a local whore to do it for him well, poor idiot!






LETTER FROM OHIO

Dear Shoeblossom:

I really enjoyed "Letter from Los Angeles: Ms. Scunthorpe's Rebuttal" and also the story from the Time-Lock computer Mistress in "Letter from Greater Ponsonby ."

I also have a paid key holder, Phyllis.

I grew up in a strict Evangelical family, here in Ohio, and our parents were very primitive, sexually...

Masturbation and copulation were considered shameful.

Of the five boys, Llewllyn, Hycel, Gottfried, Henreid, (that's me)&nbsp; and Tolliver, none came out very normal. Lew was shot to death by a jealous husband, Hycel was the husband...

 Gottfried went into the seminary, and spent his life as a bishop in weird scandals, and Tolly ran away from home to be a male prostitute right after high school...

And I have always been a habitual masturbator...and the battle never seems to end!

I've been in chastity on and off since the early 90's. It's difficult to find women to hold the keys to my chastity tube...

Especially in a small town like&nbsp; Temple River, to say nothing of the tea party-Red state this town is located in.

Phyllis is an attractive woman in her late thirties, a MILF of sorts.

She's a curvy sort with frosted blonde hair, given&nbsp; to wearing snug tank tops, tiny denim cut-offs with fishnet stockings and heels, long nails, bright lipstick.

Phyl is the kind of girl you notice immediately in a bar.

Phyllis offers massage services in the local weekly to guys in our area. She isn't exactly a call girl, but you can generally work something out with her.

One of my buddies told me about her seventy-five dollar blowjobs, and I did that once or twice. But essentially, I'm a submissive.

I was married to a sweet woman who held my chastity tube key even after our divorce. I'd stay locked up for weeks and&nbsp; weeks...

And then drop by and give Sybil, my ex, her alimony plus a few dollars more, and she'd unlock me, order me to kneel naked and jerk off while getting to&nbsp; stare at Sybil's long legs in their high spiked heels.

There's nothing like it, Sybil would be wearing a tight little pink low-cut minidress, sitting with her long, beautiful legs crossed, and telling me what a pitiful tiny-penis fag I was, and why she'd never had an orgasm from me...and I'd jerk off to a little squirtie, before being locked up again.

This arrangement had worked out quite well for several years.&nbsp; Sometimes when I came by to give&nbsp; Sybil her check, I'd confess to drinking too much, or I'd curse in front of her or look a little slovenly, and then, after getting her check, Sybil would strip me naked and whip me with her big hairbrush.

And then sometimes Sybil would decide, despite my begging, not to unlock me for that month, especially if she was in a sour mood.

Imagine...I'd drive all the way from Temple River to where Syb was living in Ethansville...and all the way back, HORNY.

She'd send me home in tears, forced to wait another thirty days...(or sentence me to another sixty, and just tell me to mail next month's money)...

Other times, Sybil would order me to service her orally, which we both liked very much...but if she also didn't want&nbsp; to let me&nbsp; cum, I went home REALLY horny.


Still, it was what I needed. Being locked up was an ordeal...

Think of it, pretty girls passed me by all the time anyway, because&nbsp; I was basically a schlub... and I didn't even have the satisfaction of jerking off when I got home!

Still, I was more focused at work, and I spent more time on hobbies and volunteer work for my church, since I wasn't jerking off to porn constantly. Though I still looked at dirty flicks, but it was even more torture, since I couldn't get into my belt.

Sometimes Sybil would decide I was a little too fat during one of the visits, and she'd demand that I lose five pounds, not an unreasonable amount, before I got to jerk off...

I loved snacking, but Sybil's dictum meant I had to throw all the Twinkies out of the house and do some serious running. I really wanted to jerk off the following month!

Did being in chastity and only seeing my ex once a month get in the way of my dating life?

Well, I didn't date a whole lot, geek that&nbsp; I was. Being a nerd most of my life had meant I was alone much of the time...

I'd met Sybil and gotten into her shorts when she was on the rebound from breaking up with one of my more attractive male friends.

Sybil and&nbsp; I had been married for sixteen years before&nbsp; our break-up. 

The last fourteen or so I had basically been Sybil's submissive.&nbsp; Sybil had liked this because she didn't want to fuck me...but if&nbsp; I jerked off, I became less devoted to her.

Having me in the chastity tube meant she could fuck her friends, I'd do the house work,&nbsp; fully financially support her, and lick the cum out of her ass when she'd fuck my various male friends.

But at some point, Sybil and&nbsp; I had divorced, of course, and then we had this key holder thing going with the alimony arrangement, though often Sybil urged me to go into therapy.

I continued to give Sybil alimony for years longer than the judge ordered, just for the monthly masturbation sessions.

It was kind of&nbsp; exciting, being locked up and dreaming of when I'd get to jerk off in front of her...

And listening to her remind me that other men were getting to fuck her every night. Sometimes Sybil would actually call me at home, when I was sitting there, lonely and chaste, and tell me what a sad little wimp I was...

But then two things happened. Sybil married again, and became a born-again Christian. She told me that I could have my keys back and she wanted no more money from me.

I was happy of course that&nbsp; Sybil had been good enough to hold my keys for that long.

I actually gave Sybil and her new husband the down payment for their house, and one more time Sybil whipped my&nbsp; cock with a belt, while her husband just looked away, very into&nbsp; his Bible. But then it was all over.

Sybil moved to Snydersport&nbsp; with her new husband, and I've not seen her since!

After this, I wasn't too sure what to do. I&nbsp; tried putting the keys in ice to keep me from beating off, but that didn't work well and wasn't very sexy.

I began having paid sex with Phyllis, and then eventually I told her about the key holding thing.

Phyllis thought this was hilarious. She made me model the little tube between my thighs. I'm a pudgy little man, and having this chesty blonde laughing her ass off was actually quite arousing as well as very humiliating.

"So you want me to take this&nbsp; tube thing off you once a week and play with your dick?"

I was feeling&nbsp; so ridiculous, standing there as she sat back, beautiful legs crossed, smirking at me.

Phyllis was in one of those cute denim&nbsp; miniskirts and the high heels. I was pudgy, naked and tubed....

"Yes, that's right, Phyllis."

"And then you make your mess and I lock you back up again?"

"Sure, and it'll give me something to look forward to so&nbsp; I'm not jerking off all the time."

"I bet you're quite the porn addict, Henreid."

It was very mortifying. At work I have a staff of forty, and here I am almost naked standing nervously in front of this redneck girl, who I doubt got past 9th grade!

Phyllis's breasts bounced merrily in the meager tube&nbsp; top she was wearing...

And my penis swelled painfully in the metal tube that I was wearing!

Phyllis took the key and sent me home, telling me to return the following Monday.

But she forgot to let&nbsp; me cum before I left. I thought of going back to remonstrate with her...

And of course when I called&nbsp; Phyllis about this she laughed.

"No no, see you in six days, horny boy."

It was really an intense experience. I got home that night and began fantasizing about the whole key holding experience.

I had of course read all about it on computer blogs and in porn lit. 

And I'd seen a few films, more than a few, actually, about chastity and denial.

But I always jerked off at the end of the absurd fantasy of being locked up....it was a contrary situation!

The real thing, is so different from the fantasy...

Kind of like watching "Rambo" compared to being drafted, I guess.

I lay in my bed and fingered the metal tube between my thighs.

I thought of what it would be like to live with gorgeous Phyllis full time an d having her tie me down for hour long tease sessions four or five times a day.

For some reason in these dreams I didn't work or do anything that would distract from the teasing.

It was a little ridiculous, this dream, since Phyllis's hands wouldn't be energetic enough to play with my&nbsp; penis all day long...

You'd think it&nbsp; would bring on arthritis!

Imagine it, for two or three hour increments!

But the image of my wrists locked behind my back, or being tied spread eagle to Phyllis's Princess bed...

While my beautiful girl toyed with&nbsp; my empurpled member for hours...just drove me nuts.

Phyllis's long nails rubbing and tickling the foreskin...

And of course previous to the entubing, I could jerk off, and go to sleep or something.

But now all I could do was touch the tube lackadaisically. 

I tried to remove the tube for one fervid wank, and of course it was securely locked!

I considered going into my toolbox and breaking the tube, but I'd spent over two hundred dollars on&nbsp; it, and it seemed a little ridiculous.


When Sybil and I were together and she'd locked me in chastity, at least she was around a bit...oh God.

The next day at work, when I usually punctuated my afternoon with wank trips to my private executive restroom, I was especially frustrated.

My brother Hycel dropped by. He was just out of prison for shooting my other brother during the cuckolding episode...

Hy had been President of my uncle's firm, where I work before he'd gone off to stir for shooting our other brother during the cuckolding...now Hy was starting out in the mailroom again.

Hy came by my office, looked at me, grinning.

"I bet you're spending half your time in the Executive Washroom, beating your meat."

Hy left with his little mail cart, whistling, and I blushed, though I was truly frustrated.

I LOVED my private restroom. I had recently been promoted to a job where I could have my own one-staller, and now I could no longer use it for the nefarious, but glorious purpose!

When Sybil and I had been married, sometimes she would show up at the office, and order me to drop my suit pants...

And Sybil would give me a few sexy wanks after unlocking the tube...

And then lock me back up, and spank me hard, just to take my mind off my horniness!
Then Phyllis actually called me at work!

Right as I was ruminating about the old days...

"I just wanted to see how you were doing with the chastity tube!" she giggled.

"It's not that easy, Phyllis, but I am bearing up to it."

"I wanted&nbsp; to tell you that I'm raising my hourly rate to two fifty, Henreid."

"What? Why, Phyllis? We're old friends. That's a call-girl rate."

"What, I'm an old hag?"

"It's so expensive, Phyllis."

"Well, my kid needs braces, and I'm going to be doing you a special service, Henreid."

"Phyllis, it's going to be easier than the old routine.. blowing me, or fucking. It's just a hand job. I'll probably be out of there in less than an hour."

"Not if I take my time...rub you for a while."

Now I was&nbsp; getting really hard. Would she actually take her time?

And, unlike most prostitutes, Phyllis let me kiss her...so it might be an extended necking session.

Oh, I was getting horny thinking about this!

I thought about Phyllis in her hotter moments...we'd gone out for ice cream once and she'd been wearing this little striped top and tight jeans, and then she'd poured her cone on my neck and licked it off....

And then I watched her cute little denim pockets dance on the way home!

Once I'd helped Phyllis paint her living room, and then she'd taken down my pants and sat on my legs when I was sitting on the commode, and she toyed with my penis&nbsp; and giggled. What a girl!

Then Phyllis's seductive voice broke into my reverie.

"And maybe I can do some spanking. Your ex-wife Sybil called me. She found my number on one of your old Amex bills. Sybil says I should charge you up the wazoo."

Oh no.

"Sybil says I should deny you for more than a week or two."

Oh, Sybil!

I began crying softly into the phone. But of course Phyllis had me over a barrel.

My penis was getting even stiffer at the idea that Phyllis had jumped her price from one-eighty to two fifty...

And that she might deny me even more!

But again, it was really too much to charge. Phyllis was a cutie pie, she wasn't one of these high priced call girls, and just advertised in the free weekly as a masseuse who could offer a "happy ending"

I had to be firm. But could I?

"I'm going to enjoy giving you a nice time, Henreid, but you're such a naughty boy..."

By Monday, when I was walking up to Phyllis's apartment door, I was more than enraged, excited and a little nuts.

I'd been watching lots of porn, BDSM stuff and the rest, without having the ability to jack my dick.

My old fantasies of my secretary mistreating me...

Which I used to pound my pud to...

had to just persecute me.

And my secretary, Ambrosia, was a stern but shapely creature, who snorted when I asked for petty cash or to use the pencil sharpener.

But now, Phyllis greeted me with a big kiss.

"Got my money?"

Numbly, I handed her the cash and Phyllis beckoned me into the other room. My God, Sybil was there!

Both women were so gorgeous, Sybil was an ash blonde, her considerable breasts snug in a yellow&nbsp; sundress...

 
Phyllis&nbsp; of course had wild platinum blonde hair and looked a little&nbsp; like a pudgy Pamela Anderson.

I wondered if we were going to have a three way.

"Now, Henreid, I'm going to help Phyllis learn how to get you in line." Sybil smiled.

"You're just lucky I'm not making you pay me as well...

Dave [Sybil's new husband] could really use a new snow blower."

It was a point of contention with Sybil that I made fun of Dave as he was not much of&nbsp; an earner.

"Phyllis the best part of this is" Sybil smiled...

"You don't have to take any of your clothes off if you don't want to. See, you're the boss!"

Sybil chuckled and Phyllis giggled. I was getting upset and a bit humiliated.

"Take off your clothes, Henreid, get it all off right now."

"Sybil, I don't know that I gave permission to Phyllis to include you in my fantasy session."

Sybil put a manicured&nbsp; hand in her big purse and pulled out the hairbrush... the big, large hairbrush!

My sister gave it to Sybil at my mom's funeral, giggling...

It had dreadful meaning to me!

"You really need to not sass me or Miss Phyllis, Henreid."
I was incredibly horny watching Sybil's red nails tapping the hairbrush, which was rubbing her short skirt...with the long legs encased in pantyhose.

It was driving me a little bit crazy.

My mother often looked like this as well when she provided me with discipline. I was terrified, and yet quite attracted to Mother, and often she would bring down my britches and whip my bare buttocks till I screamed, then sending me to the corner to weep and snivel while my siblings snickered.

Sybil tapped the brush a bit more. Oh,&nbsp; God.

Now Sybil crooked a magenta nail at me, and I was so terrified.

"Come on, Henreid, take your medicine." Sybil ordered this, and her marvelous&nbsp; eyebrows arched.

"Please, oh please, Sybil..."

"Don't be mean, Sybil" Phyllis said, listening to me babble.

"Phyllis, this wimp&nbsp; is just going to try and con us out of disciplining him."

Phyllis laughed uproariously as&nbsp; I finally shuffled over to my ex-wife.

My face became scarlet as Sybil undid my trousers.

"I can remember Henreid attempting to use flattery and four syllable words to con me into letting him cum...

Right before I was going out on a date, and poor Henreid was of course tied to the bed and talking a mile a minute. I finally shut him up by shoving a huge black dildo in his mouth, and then I left him crying, with the schlong in his mouth while I went out to fuck his old frat buddy!"

I began sobbing softly at the memory.

But I had to try to argue Sybil out of this.

"Sybil you're being a little presumptuous" I insisted as my slacks were dragged to my knees.

Both women laughed as they saw I was wearing women's panties instead of jockey shorts. I was such a little sissy!

"Really, Sybil this is between Phyllis and I, dear."

But then the panties came down as well.

Sybil clicked her nail across my chastity tube, and my penis feebly attempted to swell from within.

Phyllis tossed Sybil the key, and she unlocked my device. It was a bit hard to get it off, because I was so stiff, so Phyllis brought some frozen peas and pressed them against my crotch until my penis went down.

Then Phyllis removed the tube, and took it to the dishwasher to be cleaned, and put the frozen peas back.

"You're a saint, Phyllis"&nbsp; Sybil said, giggling.

"I don't wash his tube, I usually made Henreid lick his disgusting sweat and moisture off the tube with his little mouth. You spoil this boy."

The bag of frozen peas had made my penis tiny, but then Sybil went to work.

As I watched, looking down at my crotch, fascinated...

Sybil rubbed my growing penis with her long nails. My thingie had not had any tactile stimulation in almost ten days...and I began getting quite excited!

"Keep your hands behind your back, you little sissy faggot..."

Sybil snarled up at me, and I was a little freaked out.

"I can't believe I was actually married to a epicene idiot like you, Henreid...

What a pathetic creature you are!"

As Sybil murmured this, she began rubbing my penis a little faster.

Phyllis came over and tied my shirt-tail just over my belly button and walked off, giggling.

I felt tremendously humiliated, standing like this in front of the two clothed women.

This, of course made my erection even bigger in Sybil's palm.

I was also staring at Sybil's quite exposed cleavage in her sexy dress.

"You like these titties, don't you, faggot?" Sybil asked acerbically.

"I remember how you'd mow the lawn and wax the floors just so I'd get in the mood for you to slobber on them...

Or when you'd buy me something expensive like leather pants just so I'd let you suck...

And how you cried like a little bitch when I told you that&nbsp; I wasn't going to let you touch my honeys anymore, no matter what...

Do you remember that, Henreid?"

Tears coursed down my chubby cheeks as&nbsp; I nodded. It had been many years since I'd been allowed to touch my ex-wife's bosom.





I wondered if Sybil was going to let me cum first, and then spank me after the horniness was gone. She'd done this before.

This would make the punishment even more vicious, because I wasn't horny and submissive, just a guy getting a horrible spanking.

Now, Sybil let go of my cock. 

"I want you to go limp. This is impertinence, Henreid."

I tried to think about sports scores, or the presentation I was doing at work tomorrow, but my cock got harder, especially as I continued to gaze at Sybil's cleavage.

Sybil lifted a&nbsp; pretty white hand and flicked my sensitive penis with her red nail and I howled. But still, my cock remained quite hard!

Phyllis, watching, said "Don't worry about it, Sybil. He'll limp up after the spanking. He's just horny for us, aren't you Henreid?"

I nodded miserably. I knew this would not be enough for Sybil.

Sybil leaned over and reached in her handbag.

"Sybil, not the metal ruler, please." I begged.

"I haven't cum in nearly two weeks, that's why I'm getting so excited. I promise--"

But there it was, the short metal ruler...Oh God.

WHACK!

My penis burned, and I buckled, nearly going to&nbsp; my&nbsp; knees with my pants around my ankles.

My penis was now getting smaller, and it hurt.

Sybil's face became concerned.

"Oh, darling, I hope I didn't hurt you!"

Sybil rubbed my penis with her fingers.

Soon it was again really stiff.

"You--why you're hard again, Henreid. This is impertinence!"

Sybil reached between my legs and squeezed my balls, and I almost fainted.

Sybil then grabbed me by the ear and dragged me across her lap.

I swore, humiliated as I was that I wouldn't cry in front of Phyllis. But I'd forgotten what a formidable spanker my wife was.

Captain of the Temple River Country Club tennis team and of course Sybil also taught racquetball and squash as a volunteer to inner city kids!

What a forearm she had!

By the fifth swat of that evil hairbrush I was screaming at the top of my lungs.

Sybil had my right arm twisted behind my back and I flailed my legs tot he point that my pants and shoes came off.

But Sybil grimly continued swatting my bare cheeks until Phyllis intervened.

"Yes, I suppose that's enough."

After this, the ladies ordered me to undress completely.

Sybil's full lips were smirking at my discomfort, and her boobs shook in the tight sundress as I became fully naked. My rear was in horrific shape, and as I was ordered to kneel on the hardwood floor before them, I was careful not to let&nbsp; my welted buttocks rest on my thighs.

"You were so hard on him, with the whipping" Phyllis said, with a sympathetic grin.

"He needs it, he's a manipulative little bitch" Sybil said, laughing.

"Trust me, his ass has had worse. I've used the strap on and had to find bigger and bigger phalluses. His anus is wider than the Grand Canyon now."

And of course I was absolutely humiliated by this casual revelation.

Sybil smiled. "Don't touch your wee-wee yet, Perv-boy"

Sybil turned to Phyllis. "You know, Phyllis, Henreid is all excited about being allowed to jerk himself off, so the meat beating should last a while, so he can get full enjoyment&nbsp; before he is locked back up and sent back to another week of chastity."

Phyllis snickered. "Yeah, Henreid, take your time."

Sybil smiled evilly at me. "That's right. Try to remember the training&nbsp; I've already given you, sweetheart."

I was upset now, I had thought that I would be teased manually, but apparently not,
oh well.

Sybil read my mind. "No, no one wants to touch that ugly thing of yours. We don't have a microscope handy, anyhow."

Phyllis laughed so hard she almost shot beer through her nose.

I began toying with my penis slowly, and the girls sat and watched, sipping beer.

"You learn a lot about the Beta male here, Phyllis." Sybil said.

Phyllis was not as well versed as Sybil, and looked a little puzzled.

"You know, the Alpha males are the ones with five girlfriends who stand you up, and the Betas make good husbands, but don't really make you all that wet...you must've had a bit of both."

Sybil paused as she thought about it. "You know, I loved Henreid in my own way, but I married him because he was far more stable than the&nbsp; guy I was shtupping at the time, and brought home a paycheck. Jamal was hot, but terminally unemployed."

I remembered Jamal, the guy at the car wash. How disgusting. Jamal&nbsp; worked at the car&nbsp; wash twice a week, and Sybil had managed the car wash, and then&nbsp; Jamal had quit, but apparently had never quit Sybil.

Now Sybil reached into her sundress and casually pulled out one of her full beautiful boobs...smooth pink nipples...oh God. 36DD. 

Sybil held it up to her mouth and began licking the nipple.

Sybil knew that this would get me even more excited. She'd denied me access to her breasts some years back, but often when she'd allowed me supervised masturbation, she'd play with them in my presence...

Since most of the other times, she kept them covered...though I was kept naked around the house.

And God, were they beautiful breasts.

Phyllis reached into Sybil's dress and pulled out the other breast and began licking that nipple.

As you can imagine, I was getting way too excited and began playing with my dick a bit faster.

And it had been some time since I'd cum, and I&nbsp; felt it all about to shoot.

Sybil calculated about the time&nbsp; I was on the verge of cumming, and using her softball trained pitching arm, threw her Schlitz beer can at my dick.

It passed my dick, as I was kneeling upright, so not to hurt my bottom, and slammed right into my testicles. Yes, and as I had my cock pulled up to my stomach,&nbsp; it was a clean shot to the scrotum.

I screamed, but Sybil laughed.

"I told you not to play with them too fast. Too bad I'm not wearing my nice spike heels...remember how I used to bang the tip of your cock to slow you down when you were jerking it?"

I regretfully remembered.

But Phyllis felt badly, and she beckoned to me. 

I was weeping, and my lower lip was trembling. I was a lifetime teetotaler, and thus was a disdainer of beer, but it was all over me.

"Look at the little baby cry." Sybil said, laughing.

 "I used to put him in adult diapers when he threw fits like this."

Phyllis smiled. "Come over and sit next to me, precious."

I was now sobbing openly, like an exhausted two year old. but I went and sat next to Phyllis on the couch.

"Now sit on your hands, I don't want any help from you...Phyllis's going to give you a nice wee-wee massage."

I obeyed, and Phyllis played with my cock, expertly rubbing the tip with a long nail, and then tickling the underside...

She kissed my ear and my neck, and giggled as I gazed into her cleavage, hypnotized.

"I love you, Miss Phyllis..." I mumbled.

But I smiled at&nbsp; Sybil, who was now disconsolately smoking. Sybil had more than once stabbed my erection with one of her Marlboros, but she was being so good now, and she was a gorgeous woman.

"I love you too, Sybil. And I appreciate you helping Phyllis with my training."


Sybil smiled, and moved closer, dropping one of her shoes off. She began rubbing the underside of my cock with her toes as Phyllis toyed more with the&nbsp; tip.

"Now ask permission before you cum." Sybil warned.

"C-can I now, I'm on the edge." I begged.

"No, not yet. Please don't make me kick you in the balls, sweetie."

"Sybil you're being so mean." Phyllis protested.

"You just don't know our little faggot. He will get over on you. Remember, spare the rod spoil the husband, all that."

I held back as the gorgeous fingers and toes continued to stimulate my now quite growing member....
I was so close and trying desperately to hold back.

Finally&nbsp; Phyllis nodded and I began moaning. Phyllis jerked a little faster and Sybil rubbed her toes a little more, and I shot into the air, much of it falling on Phyllis's palm.


Sybil smirked as Phyllis went and washed her hands.

"Think, I'd make you lick it up...I'd make you shoot on my full ashtray and lick it up."

Sybil was truly a martinet. But she was leaving town, and I would miss her.

We had been married for eleven years, eight of them that I'd been her chaste slave...

But I was confident that Phyllis would pick up the slack, though it would be expensive.

Now Phyllis came back. "We have to lock you up again honey."

Phyllis had brought the clean chastity tube over and she put it on my now quite small organ once more.

I gave Phyllis a huge tip over the $250, and left, feeling somewhat satisfied.

By that night, of course, my erection was once again raging against the tube, and I didn't help things by watching some femdom porn.

The next week, I saw Phyllis, and she jerked me off...much sweeter without Sybil!

And then it went on for several weeks.

Then I began running short of money, as I still owed child support to an earlier wife, and other stuff had been going on.

Phyllis&nbsp;&nbsp; had laughed when I'd explained this on the phone. "Well, you can stay locked up till you see me, or you can drop by and get the key."

"I'll stay locked and try to save money."

And I did, I got a cheaper car, and a smaller apartment. I began to be able to see Phyllis once every&nbsp; two weeks, and although this was harder on my chastity, I had a good thing going.

Then an interesting complication occurred. I ended up going for lunch with a girl from work, her name was Lonni.

We had such a good time, that we went to the movies the following night, and then again the next week.

Lonni was sweet and she was driving me around (I had sold my car to have money for Phyllis) and when she brought me home from dinner, we began necking in her car.

My cock was now raging in the little chastity device.

"Do you want to come upstairs?" Lonni asked...

God, she had a nice figure, and my hands were all over her tits.

"I don't mean to be forward but I give a mean blowjob."

I told Lonni that I was tired. A blowjob. Oh how hot that would've been. 

I jumped in the shower, and cooled off.

Lonni called me, apologizing for being so forward.

"No, Lonni, I'm very attracted to you. I just want to enjoy the uh, process."

This of course was a complete lie. I was ready to jump her bones, but I couldn't do it all locked up. 

It had now been nearly eight months since I'd been seeing Phyllis , and my penis had been locked except for the washing and teasing Phyllis gave me when I could afford it.

A couple of days later, I showed up at Phyllis's place.

Phyllis tossed her long, thick curls and smiled, and of course my heart and my cock went thump-thump.

Sitting next to Phyllis, breathing in her glorious scent, I told her about my dates with Lonni.

"Do you want me to give you the key?" Phyllis asked, concerned.

"We could take a break on this training, you know." Phyllis was smiling.

She was very grateful to have learned about the key holding service thing, and that I'd shown her a lot about it,&nbsp; (to say nothing of Sybil's valuable instruction"

Phyllis had other clients now--one fellow, Seymour came in only once a month, would bow to her, strip, and get unlocked...

And then Seymour would face the wall and jerk off...

How low maintenance was that?

Phyllis grinned. "You know, Henreid, we have a nice thing, but wouldn't you like to meet a girl and settle down? Maybe you could get her to do this, or you could get therapy and just be normal."

I shook my head. "I love you, Phyllis. And I like this girl, but I don't think I want to give up the training. I'm more focused at work, and I'm exercising more so I don't think about sex as much."

And of course it&nbsp; drove me sexually crazy that this hot girl kept me from jerking off...wow!

Phyllis smiled and gave me a big, long,&nbsp; kiss. It must've been terribly flattering to this former waitress that this guy was giving up all hopes of a normal&nbsp; sex life to do this weird tube thing.

Phyllis took me by the hand to her bed, and instructed me to undress. She was clad in an aquamarine colored tee shirt,&nbsp; very snug, that showed her belly. And of course tight jean shorts.

God I loved girls with the cut-off shorts! In school, I'd always dreamed of dating them, but I was a Student Council, Mathlete type...those girls preferred to smoke with the guys from Shop class.

Finally I undressed. I looked inquiringly at Phyllis.

"You know I'm not going to take off my clothes for you, honey."

Phyllis smiled as she began tying me, spread-eagled to the bed.

"I was undressing to my bra and panties for a little while, but little&nbsp; boys shouldn't see Mommy nude."

This of course was humiliating and arousing at the same time...

Phyllis finished tying me to the bedposts and unlocked my chastity tube.

She went to put it in the dishwasher and returned..

God she was hot in her sexy&nbsp; white-trash girl clothes!

Phyllis sat down on the bed next to my crotch and she bathed the accumulated sweat and dirt of two weeks (alas, that long) from my penis.
Oh, those long hot-pink nails!

"Yes, one of my regular clients was here and he fucked my mouth and my ass good on this bed this morning, and then my boyfriend came by and did the same thing...

I was naked as a jaybird most of the day! But you're a little slave-boy, and I can't give you those privileges anymore."

I was so humiliated, but again, quite aroused.

Phyllis finally got some lube and began rubbing my penis, concentrating on the crown and then the delicate area below on the underside of my cock...the frenulum.

Phyllis snickered to herself, and let go of my cock so I was humping air. She went to the kitchen and brought back a cutting board, a sort of flat piece of wood.

She put the cutting board under my scrotum (remember my legs were spread wide)

Then Phyllis took one of her heels off. Oh, I'd had this game before...

"I am a little jealous that you're seeing other women."

WHACK! Phyllis stabbed my penis with the board and I screamed.

Then Phyllis began rubbing again in quite a loving way...

"Sweetie, you know I care about you. I want you to have a good social life. I know you sit at home reading science fiction and playing with your stamp collection...

It must be lonely. Especially since you can't jerk off for weeks at a time."

This was true. I'd even given up my cable channel and all my porn subscriptions so I'd have more money to see Phyllis. Hell, when Lonni and I went out, we had to go Dutch.

Phyllis lifted the spike heel and this time slammed it on my scrotum, which was lying on the cutting board.

I screamed again, and burst into tears.

"P-please, Phyllis, I love you. If you want me to break up with Lonni I will."

What was I saying? I'm forty-two years old, am I just going to spend my life dedicated to this crazy blonde? Thinking of it my cock grew harder.

Phyllis smiled, and put her heel back on.

"Henreid, I think we should wait till next time for you to have a cum, honey."

God, that accent...what did she say?

"Why, Miss Phyllis?"

"Sybil sent me an e-mail. She says I shouldn't let you cum every time, that you just expect it every time you come here...."

Phyllis began rubbing my cock and her boobs were shaking in the cute little top. 

Phyllis's long legs were crossed and tan...the previous time I'd visited, she'd let me rub oil on them and how fun that was!

"I also think you should give me three hundred dollars a visit instead of just two-fifty with an occasional twenty-five dollar tip. I think you'll value me more."

It's unbelievable...I did it.&nbsp; She offered to take off the device and let&nbsp; me pursue Lonni, but I need Phyllis&nbsp; more.

I did show Lonni the device, and she told me I was an evil perv, and wanted nothing to do with me.

I still see Phyllis...she's incredible, but I average about five orgasms a year, and&nbsp; only can afford to see her about nine times a year.


I&nbsp; have lost all hope of a normal relationship...but I need Phyllis more!
Best, 
Henreid.
Dear Henreid...
Your life, not mine, thank God.
Best,
Shoeblossom






Review This Story
 || Email Author:   shoeblossom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





