BDSM Library - The Bedroom, the Camera, and the Zipties




The Bedroom, the Camera, and the Zipties
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short encounter in the bedroom between two consenting adults...  sort of.






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He marched her up the stairs, one hand on her upper arm, moving her in front of him to the door at the top. He pushed her aside while he rammed the key in the lock, turning it quickly and flinging the door open, after which he propelled her through the doorway. He closed the door behind them, turning the bolt with a very definite clicking sound. He carelessly tossed down his things and motioned for her to do the same, and then he took her other arm and marched her into the bedroom. He closed that door behind them as well, locking it and then turned to her, his breathing coming quick and fast. "Strip" he said, the first words he'd said since she got into his car. She cautiously did so, turning away from him and wriggling out of her jeans, the ample curves and weight of her ass bouncing and swaying as the denim slid down her legs. She kicked her jeans away across the carpet and pulled her shirt up, exposing those long, hanging breasts he knew so well, still hidden inside the faded, plain bra. The shirt landed on top of the jeans and she crossed her arms across her chest, her pallid belly hanging down and hiding the V between her thighs. She arched an eyebrow at him, hoping for some sign of playfulness, but he just nodded at the bra, and with a sigh, she struggled out of it. She stood naked before him, nipples stiffening in the cold, arms now at her side, her head tilted just a bit, searching his face for what he wanted. Was it bondage and sex, this time? Pain? Discipline, with some humiliation? A combination of all of them? She couldn't tell. She had agreed to come to him again, hoping to satisfy him with as little as possible, but it was beginning to dawn on her that he wasn't going to be satisfied with the bare minimum this time. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He looked her up and down, taking in every curve, every fold, every inch of the body that he had come to know so well. Every fingerbreadth of her skin, he knew it, had kissed it, bitten it, stroked it, made it his. Days and nights spent together, exploring each other's bodies, knowing each other as intimately as two people could. Uncounted hours of passion, of lust, grinding against each other, stroking, loving, touching, squeezing. Hours spent spanking, tying, whipping, and afterward soothing that luscious skin. The times he'd bound her hands behind her back and whipped her dangling tits, left and right and across the nipples as she quivered and writhed in torment. The times she'd kneeled across his living room couch, her massive pale ass in the air and jiggling in fear as she heard the sound of the belt or the rubber hose cutting through the air, and the white pain of it biting a thin line across her ample backside, the brief moment of impact and her hands grasping her head as she tried to keep from reaching back to protect her vulnerable posterior while whimpering in pain, and satisfaction. The times she spent on his carpeted floor, on her back with her legs spread wide, wrists bound to ankles, as he straddled her belly on his knees, took a smaller rubber hose and whipped her naked, bare pussy, the strokes coming fast and hard, her head shaking back and forth as he moved from her sensitive outer lips to her inner thighs, before spreading her labia wide and, hearing her plead behind the gag, crossing her clit with a pair of wicked strokes that saw her massive white thighs clamp shut and her head bang against the floor as her voluptuous body went rigid beneath him. The times she had knelt before him sprawled on his couch, both fully nude, tasting and exploring every inch of his rock-hard cock before moving down and tonguing his balls with long, slow swipes in that way that drove him mad with need, before licking her way back up and swalllowing his cock into her throat and lapping at his sack, his hands knotted in her hair. The times she had knelt before him, arms around his legs, as she took him in her mouth and with a sigh he released his bladder, her sucking and gulping as she squeezed against him and drained him dry, swallowing every drop. The times she had looked up at him while on her belly, one hand furiously rubbing between her thighs, begging to cum in that sexy voice of hers, her quaking pillowy ass full of his rigid cock.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Memories of some of those times came to his mind and she didn't fail to notice his stiffening length inside his jeans. She took a step forward, those heavy thighs swaying enticingly, and he stepped forward, pulling her into his arms and finding her mouth with his. He kissed her deeply for a long, hungry moment, their tongues dueling as his hands roamed across her back and shoulders and he growled in his throat at the feel of her skin, then he pulled away from her, pointed at the bed and said "kneel." Momentarily flustered, she stared at him in confusion and received a stinging slap across her backside. With a jolt, she moved onto the bed and kneeled, hands on her knees, looking back at him questioningly. He reached down to the side of the bed, then came up behind her, pulling her arms behind her back. She tried to look back and see what he was doing, but he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head facing upward. He tightly cinched ties just above her elbows, then linked them together, forcing her shoulders back, then did the same with her wrists, keeping her arms bound in the center of her back. He tightened ties around her ankles, then connected each to the ones round her wrists, keeping her hogtied on her knees. She grunted at the tightness of each, knowing he meant for her discomfort, but tried wiggling anyway, hoping that he'd made a mistake. No such luck, the ties were snug and she wasn't going anywhere without his approval.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He came around to the other side of the bed and picked up a camera on a tripod, which he placed facing her. Always with the video, always the pictures, he had so much of he and her, yet it was never enough, he always wanted more. Needed more. She put her head down and muttered "I didn't say ok to video" through her hair, and received a soft slap across her face. His hand under her stinging chin lifted her face to his and she saw the mocking eyebrow raise just as she had done, and her lips came together in a thin line that cracked after a long moment into a smirk as he moved behind her again. She saw the light on the camera come on, and felt him get onto the bed behind her. His hands slid up her arms to her shoulders and rubbed lightly for a minute, feeling the tension and massaging some of it out as she tried to move his hands where she wanted them. They slid up to her neck, still caressing, fingertips lightly tracing her skin and the lines of her jaw as her breathing quickened. She felt a tingle start at the base of her neck and trickle down her back directly to her pussy, her neck was her vulnerable spot as he knew so well, and he knew how she loved his attentions there. His strong hands continued stroking, and just as she began panting, both hands clinched around her throat, cutting off her air. She jerked in response, momentary panic giving way to a hot longing that stiffened her nipples even more. She groaned, feeling the strength of his fingers holding her, controlling her, taking what he wanted, and her clit throbbed in response, tickling with a mad sensation. She tried to reach down and stroke her bud, and the feeling of her arms bound and helpless only made it pulse harder.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He angled her head so the camera could see her face, see the flush and longing on her face, then started biting her shoulders, softly at first, then harder, soothing each mark afterward with a long lick of his tongue. She shuddered under his attack, unable to do anything but take what he was doing to her and grow more excited with each passing second. He traced lines back and forth across her shoulders, then released her neck and began licking her there, bringing a deep moan from her lips. He traced more lines, then began biting softly, teasing her skin as she started panting in need. His hand buried itself in her hair and pulled her head back, exposing her neck even more, and he traced lines with his tongue across her throat, alternately biting and sucking as her hands squirmed in helpless pleasure and she groaned and panted faster, feeling her need overtake her. Suddenly he stopped, and she whimpered her need, but he reached forward and cupped her dangling breasts, hefting them in his hands. She realized with a flash that they were his targets, that the camera was there to record what he would do to her breasts, and she whimpered again, this time in fear. Her tolerance to breast punishment had been quite high, the result of his tender attentions in the past: the tacks, the whippings, the biting, even the needles and the sewing, but it had been so long, and she feared what he had in mind, not least because she couldn't see him.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He cradled them in his hands a long moment, feeling their weight and shape, how they dangled from her chest, their warmth. He squeezed them gently, remembering the times he had done exactly this...&nbsp; before crushing them together in his hands, clamping his fingers around them and squeezing, squeezing with all the strength his grip could bring to bear, her whimpers and cries building as the agony radiated out from her poor strangled tits, trying to hide the pain and distress in her eyes, to no avail. Good times, those, he thought, as he stroked her breasts from chest to nipple, idly tracing his fingers across her pendulous orbs. Her breathing calmed as she savored his pleasurable touch, her head tilting back and resting on his shoulder with a shuddering sigh. Her fingertips reached back and touched him, stroking him through his clothing wherever she could reach with her bound hands; a growling purr started in her throat as she wriggled happily. Her ample ass undulated back against him as his touch excited her further, the combination of his stroking and the knowledge of her utter helplessness building a fire between her legs, her wetness beginning to reach her thighs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He began idly slapping the sides of her breasts, watching over her shoulder as they bounced and swayed from the impact, a startled jerk running through her body at the unexpected stinging. He alternated slapping them simultaneously, hearing them smack into each other to a small groan from her, and hitting them one at a time, feeling her try to shift away in an attempt to protect them from his hands. After a minute or two he reached for her swollen nipples and lightly held them between his fingers, rolling them slowly. He felt her body tense in anticipation of what he was about to do, and he licked her neck once, twice, before pinching them tightly and pulling them up and away from her body. A shriek escaped from her lips as she jerked upright, trying to move in the direction his fingers were pulling. He let go and she sagged back against him, turning her head and rubbing against him in hopes of comfort, and he let go of one nipple and stroked her hair, holding her against his shoulder for a moment. She whimpered at his other fingers tugging on her nipple again, and gasped into him as he twisted it cruelly for a long second, her soft, doughy body vibrating in sudden pain. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For several minutes he amused himself with her reactions, twisting and pulling on her nipples, stretching her already long, dangling breasts out even further as she writhed and moaned her pain, pleading for him to be gentle. He took her breasts in his hands and twisted them back and forth, provoking anguished panting whimpers that spiraled into muffled cries of torment as she buried her face in his shoulder. She tried to fight back by biting him, and immediately regretted it as he playfully dug his sharp nails first into both tits, grinding them back and forth, and when she continued her defiance, catching her nipples between his nails, then squeezing down gently. She tried to leap forward, forgetting her bondage and nearly falling off the bed, but he pulled her back against him, nails still holding onto her most sensitive peaks, and she shuddered and started sobbing quietly, hair falling forward as she slumped down, giving in to his torment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He let go of her nipples, feeling her shudder as his nails pulled away from each, and he hugged her back against him, sharing his warmth with her and whispering encouragement into her ear. She sagged back against him, her tears slowing as she regained her composure, and he held her another minute, telling her how good she was being and how she satisfied him as no one else could. She sniffled and asked him if he was done, to which he shook his head no, and she sighed, wondering what more he wanted. He reached behind him and laid a tie across one breast, wrapping and securing it before she could protest, and cinched it tightly. She moaned as she felt the circulation cut off, and before she got over the discomfort he had another tie squeezing down around her other breast. She looked down at both sagging breasts, seeing them flush and then darken and swell as the ties cut into her delicate skin. They both watched as her breasts slowly turned shades of purple, the ties doing their work and sensitizing her sagging udders. After a few minutes he resumed slapping them from side to side, and her cries in his ear took on new urgency as her swollen globes slapped against each other. Her tears leaked freely now, and he paused a moment to lick them from her cheek, the act exciting her despite her extreme discomfort. He resumed pinching her nipples, twisting them one way and then another, stretching them out and up and then letting them bounce back against her, as a short wail escaped her lips, her head thrashing from side to side. He continued, feeling her hands flexing and twitching against him, and then pulled her head around and kissed her, thrusting his tongue deep in her mouth and feeling her respond hungrily. He played with her tongue, sucking on it, then pulled away, breathing heavily, and rose from the bed, leaving her disoriented.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He got up and adjusted the camera to catch the entire bed, then turned her a bit, and before she could more than wonder what was next, he pushed her shoulders, and with a surprised grunt that rose to a short cut-off shriek, she fell forward, landing on her tormented, bloated tits with her hands now up in the air behind her, still tied to her ankles and helpless to catch herself. He watched her body land on the bed, her weight rippling across her body from the impact, and he was impressed to see her come off the bed for a moment in a desperate attempt to get her ample poundage off of her sore, bound breasts. Unluckily for her, she could only hold herself up a fleeting moment, and with a "nooo-oomph!" she came right back down on them. She wriggled against her bonds, trying franticly to free her arms, but after a minute she gave up and lay still, tears tracing lines down her cheeks. He admired the sheer breathlessness of the moment - her mammoth, pale, nude body lying there on his bed, hands tugged back behind her back by the same ties that pulled her ankles back toward her wide, fleshy hips, quivering all over as she sobbed to herself in pain and distress.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He sat down next to her, stroking her shoulders and back, leisurely tracing his nails across her well-padded back, humming to himself, until she calmed down. He laid her head to one side and stroked her face, looking down at her as she gazed up at him, her expression unreadable. He arched one eyebrow again, and she growled, struggling again at her bondage, with the same results as before. He sighed and stood up, unbuckling and sliding his jeans down his legs and stepping out of them, then doing the same with his boxers. Her eyes darted to his stiff length, as he kneeled down in front of her, teasingly waving his cock before her eyes. She turned her head away, closed her eyes and clamped her lips shut, knowing what he wanted but determined to deny him this much, at least. He laughed at her defiance and leaned in closer, stroking the side of her face with his tip, tracing her lips, her cheeks, before taking a handful of her hair and pulling her face toward him. She fought his pull, shaking her head and trying to pull free, and he allowed her to struggle for a few minutes before she tired and her head sagged. He rubbed her neck for a minute, then pulled her head up again, and rubbed his tip against her lips. She pressed them tight for a moment, making him work for what he wanted, and he lightly slapped her face again, making her gasp in surprise.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her dark eyes looked up at him in mild shock, and his hips shot forward, sheathing his length in her mouth before she could remember to close it. Her protest muffled by her mouthful of cock, he held her head up and began fucking her mouth, feeling himself swell even harder and thicker as she began sucking at him, working her tongue against the underside of his tip as she did so very, very well. A deep sigh escaped his lips as she tried taking him deeper, offering him her throat for the taking, and after pulling out to let her take a breath, he sank his length in till her nose pressed against his pubic bone, feeling her repeatedly swallow as his length eased into her throat. He held himself still, enjoying the sensations she was giving him, till she began to struggle to pull back. He pulled his hips back, letting her breathe, then pushed forward again, taking her mouth once more. He thrust himself all the way into her mouth, his head falling back and a deep moan escaping his lips as he felt her lips around his base, and then her tongue started licking his balls, and he clutched her head in pleasure. He held himself in her longer this time, enjoying the feeling of her struggling and whimpering with his cock filling her throat, her moans vibrating him deliciously. Eventually he pulled out, to her coughs and gasps, and held her head while she caught her breath. He bent down and kissed her head, then got up and moved around the bed, picking up a pair of scissors as he did so. He sat down on her other side and traced the scissors across the soles of her upturned feet, amused at the way she wiggled one way and then another, trying to look behind her and see what he was doing, and more importantly, what he was doing it with.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He teased her with them a couple of minutes, enjoying her wriggling as she tried to peer around her shoulders, and dragged the blades delicately across her legs and sides, letting her feel the edges, but not cutting her. She jumped and writhed each time she felt their sharpness tracing lines across her skin, whimpering and begging for him to stop. He finally cut the ties connecting her wrists to her ankles, allowing her legs to straighten and her arms to rest against her back, which she immediately did. He rubbed her arms and thighs for a moment, then put away the scissors and picked up a medium-width belt, which he showed her. Her eyes widened as she realized why he had freed her legs, and she blushed, hiding her face. He laid down next to her and lifted her chin, raising her eyes to his. She tried to look away again, but he brought her back, and raised his eyebrows. She gulped and shivered, then, looking down, whispered "please...&nbsp;&nbsp; do it." After a moment she glanced up to see his reaction but he hadn't moved, his eyebrows still raised, looking intently at her. She sighed and looked away, then looked back into his eyes, held his gaze a second, smiled, and whispered "Please... whip my ass. Please give me the belt. Make it burn."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They held gazes a long second, and then he nodded, got up and moved next to her. She breathed deeply, pulling her hands up and out of the way, and he brought the belt down across her broad alabaster ass a few times gently, seeing her tense up each time, and then brought the belt down on her backside, watching her head jerk up in surprise. After a moment she hissed, letting the air out through her teeth, but before she could prepare herself the belt came down across her butt again and she jerked forward an inch, an involuntary "ouch" escaping her lips. He looked down, tracing the two red lines across her bottom with a fingertip, and began bringing the belt down over and over, pounding her cheeks quickly and firmly. She writhed and twitched under his assault,&nbsp; her moans mixing with whimpers and pleadings that quickly broke down to tears as her marvelous ass danced and jiggled from his repeated lashings. He stopped after a minute, gazing at the grid of angry red lines across her skin in all directions, the only sound her soft crying as her shoulders heaved with her sobs. He put the belt down and knelt over her, and then to her shock and secret delight, began tracing those lines with his tongue, slowly dragging the tip up and down across her whipped, sensitive skin, and she wriggled in unexpected pleasure, humping her ass back against him. He traced all of the lines, gripping her hips and holding her still as she tried to push her ass into him, and she groaned in pleasure and frustration, her need gripping her completely, her thighs soaking with her wetness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tried to wiggle and turn around, but his hand on the middle of her back held her still. He reached down and picked up a bottle, opened it, and poured a large amount of lube onto his finger. He spread her ass wide and rubbed the lube into her anal ring, taking care to rub it in well. She gasped at his touch on her most sensitive area, and immediately started panting, rubbing her plump thighs together, feeling her horniness swelling inside her and aching to be filled. He rubbed another glob of lube into her anus, making sure she was slick and greased, he pushed another glob inside her, and then another. She struggled the entire time, trying to get her hands free to rub at her throbbing, pulsating clit, but the ties kept her well-secured and she whined in frustration. He inserted the tip of his finger inside her and gently stretched her open, tugging his finger one direction and then another, loosening her ass as she whimpered and panted and pushed back at his intruding finger. He kept it up for a bit longer, building her excitement, then put on a condom and mounted her, holding her down with the weight of his body. She moaned at the feel of his hard length against her ass, and she tried pushing up at him, looking back over her shoulder with her desperate need in her eyes. He grinned at her and reached down, spreading her ass wide open, and placed the tip of his cock at her back entrance. She begged him to put it in, and he pushed forward with his hips, feeling his tip just stretching her open, and he held himself there, moaning himself at the exquisite feeling of her heat and tightness. He thrust into her just a bit, and then pulled back, keeping his widest part stretching her. She bucked against him, trying to take him deeper, pleading for him to give her what she needed, and he pulled back out of her, teasing her entrance with his tip and pushing just slightly into her before pulling back.

He leaned forward and down, kissing her and sucking on her lips as she panted and tried to force herself back onto him, but he shook his head, then lunged forward, driving his entire length deep into her ass and pinning her underneath him, as she screamed "YES!" , finally getting what she wanted. He pulled his hips back and then thrust forward, ramming himself into her again and she growled her pleasure, wriggling her ass back and forth on him, feeling his length stretch her open, and he began fucking her, slamming into her over and over, his lust finally beyond his control. He spread her ass wide with both hands and took her harder and deeper, his thrusts pounding her into the bed as she sobbed and bit her lower lip and took his ramming. He leaned down and bit her as he took her, sinking his teeth into her and growling as he ground himself against her and pumped her full of cock as hard as he could. She whimpered, revelling in her helplessness, knowing she was being forced to take his cock over and over, her ass sending all kinds of delicious messages about how good it was feeling. He clit throbbed in time with his thrusts, its pounding nearly overwhelming her senses as she felt her orgasm building between her legs. She sucked in great lungfuls of air as she took his every inch, the rising tide of lust swelling inside her and driving her closer and closer to the edge, his hard cock driving her lust as it sank into her tight asshole, her every nerve tingling as his body held hers down. Suddenly she went rigid under him, for a split second, and then she wailed as her body shuddered through an enormous orgasm, her soaked, rippling pussy squirting her cum under her as her ass quaked and sucked at his length, killing the last of his self control and he sank into her to the hilt, slumping onto her and sucking her neck as his cock erupted inside her, the pulsing making him twitch and shiver as their orgasms stormed through their bodies, leaving them breathless and exhausted.

They laid together several long minutes, his hands lazily roaming over her body as she panted underneath him, feeling him soften inside her, him murmuring loving words in her ear, a deep feeling of satisfaction taking both of them. She quietly asked him to cut her free and he did, letting her stretch her arms and rub the feeling back into them, as they both rolled onto their sides, their eyes closing slowly, his arms around her, holding her against him, completely his.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  8000fantasticstripes


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





