BDSM Library - The Cabin




The Cabin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A young girl is kidnapped by a man on the train, he takes her to his cabin to become his personal slave in every possible way.






It was a miserable rainy day. Sarah was on the train to the town to get the weekly shop. She took the same train she always did, alone. Dressed simply to avoid attention, she took a seat away from a group of other teens and didn&#8217;t notice the man sat on the chair behind her. 
Sarah practically lived alone. Her father died in a car accident when she was 11 and her mother&#8217;s grief drove her to work constantly, leaving Sarah to fend for herself. Since then she only saw her mum once maybe twice a year, though she hadn&#8217;t seen her for the past year and a half, and wasn&#8217;t expecting her back. Sarah did enough to get by. She had a weekend job that paid for her food and kept up with her college work so she could leave the dismal town and not look back.
Sarah lived in a small detached house in a village a view miles outside of Plymouth. There were a few hills and trees around that separated the houses in the village. And apart from the occasional event in the village square or hall the residents kept to themselves.
Sarah was now 17 not a skinny girl but she had nice curves and a good sized pair of tits, big enough to make some men of the train take an interest. Her brown hair fell just beyond her shoulders, her light brown eyes showed the pain of the life she had lived. 
The train began to slow into the station, Sarah stood and grabbed her bag, and she stood by her chair waiting for the other group of teens to leave. She felt the man behind her, as he moved closer his odour filled her lungs making her heave. It wasn&#8217;t until she felt his breath on her neck and the sharp point of a knife in her side that she realised how close he was. 
&#8216;Scream, run, make any sudden movement and ill end you, do you feel this&#8217; the knife pressed harder and Sarah nodded slowly to confirm &#8216;I have no problem pushing it into you&#8217;
The doors opened and the man took Sarah&#8217;s hand and held her back letting the other passengers leave before them. He then led Sarah from the train, wrapped his arm around her shoulders, a hand on her breast and guided her towards the exit. They moved swiftly Sarah started to panic, her eyes flittered around the station searching for someone to help, but it was no use. The man must have sensed her panic because he pressed the knife to her right ribcage.
He walked her to a small van just outside the station, on a side street that was deserted. He opened the back door and pushed her inside climbing in after.
&#8216;What do you want?&#8217; Sarah said shakily, edging to the furthest point in the van away from him. He said nothing, instead opened a tool box and took out tape and lengths of rope. He grabbed her leg and dragged her towards him. Sarah began to fight back but he already had removed one shoe. He slapped her hard causing her to hit her head on the van floor. He moved and sat on her chest facing her head. He ripped the tape and with one hand grabbed her chin and secured the tape over her mouth. He added several more pieces for good measure. He sat on her belly facing her legs, she tried to push him off, but at 6 ft and 15 stone he would not shift easily. He started to unzip her jeans her legs bucked and kicked, but this was a man with experience, and the jeans came off in seconds. He probed two fingers under her pants and into her pussy; Sarah started crying and stopped fighting.
He left her chest tied her feet and then sat on her legs looking at her. Next the top, using the knife he slid it over her breasts and stomach teasing her before ripping through the material. Her bra was also cut swiftly showing her impressive untouched globes. Tears continued to stream down her face as he flipped her over and tied her arms behind her, the last struggle she made before being completely trapped.
He turned her over looking at her beautiful body, naked except for the pants, which he decided to cut off. He then took a syringe out of the box filled it with liquid and showed it to her.
&#8216;Just a little cocktail to keep you calm on the journey&#8217; he plunged it into her vein. The effects where slow, they did not let her fall asleep but sent her floating, they blurred her vision and making her weaker and more negotiable.
He left her to enjoy the drugs. Getting in the front of the van he drove out of the town and deep into the woods. He had a cabin near to the village she lived; he had been watching her for months waiting for an opportunity to take her. His cabin was secluded and the road leading to it was blocked with a fake wall of bushes that blended into the surroundings; no one would ever know they were there.
As he pulled up to the cabin Sarah started to moan, as the drug started to wear off. He opened the back door, dragged her towards him and picked her up. Sarah gagged again from the smell of the man holding her. 
The cabin was small, 2 bedrooms a kitchen and living room. The furnishings where minimal, chains hung from the walls, bolts where all over the floors and walls, to Sarah it was a place of horror.
A fully conscious Sarah shivered on the cold wooden floor, she looked around for an escape, but with her bounds and the locks on the doors and windows it was looking very bleak. She heard footsteps and then rough hands on her skin. Again she shivered; he ran them over her breasts, kneading them, then up to her face and through her matted hair. He ripped the tape from her mouth eliciting a cry of pain from Sarah. He kissed her deeply his tongue exploring her mouth. His hands explored every part of her body; her inner legs and then the outer lips of her pussy. Talking a nipple in his mouth he sucked and flicked it till it became pert and hard, he did the same with the other whilst his fingers probed her pussy. Her body began to react in ways Sarah never knew possible, her pussy was soaking, she moaned in frustration and panic. She couldn&#8217;t move to avoid his touch; she was completely at his mercy
&#8216;Such a hot slut, ready for cock my little fuck slave&#8217; he growled. 
&#8216;Please.....let me go&#8217; she begged
He withdrew his fingers, stood and removed his clothes. His cock erect and proud was large and thick. He was not handsome with rolls of fat and hair on his chest. He returned to her sitting on her chest and slapped her face with his cock.
&#8216;I&#8217;m never letting you go now open up for daddy.&#8217; He said. Sarah shook her head and received a harsh slap to both cheeks.
&#8216;OPEN YOU FUCKING MOUTH&#8217; he bellowed, more tears fell, out of fear Sarah opened her mouth and he rammed his cock into her throat making her gag. It tasted salty and he smelled disgusting. 
&#8216;I don&#8217;t want to feel teeth, so if you want to keep them be a good slut&#8217; He leant forward and moved his hips fucking her face, his heavy balls hitting her chin. She slurped and gagged; drool formed and spilt down her face. He slowed and pushed his cock all the way in; he held it there as she struggled beneath him. He pulled out and Sarah gasped for air. His cock exploded cum over her face as he relaxed panting.
He grabbed Sarah&#8217;s face and held her so she could only look at him. &#8216;Will you be a good slut if I take your bonds off?&#8217; 
Sarah looked him in the eye feeling defeated fresh tears rolled down her cheeks as she nodded. He began by turning her over and untying her hands, then her feet. He walked to a cabinet across the room and took out iron manacles and chains.
&#8216;You should know I&#8217;m very old fashioned. You are my new slave; you will cook my meals, clean my house, wash my clothes and service me in every way possible. If you fail to please me you will be punished. Know that there is no escape for you, I don&#8217;t care for your feelings, because you are just a slave.&#8217; Sarah whimpered as she lay on the floor under his gaze
He knelt next to her and grabbed her arms placing iron cuffs around them. He then attached a short chain linking them together. He did the same with her feet making any kind of movement difficult. Lastly he placed an iron collar around her neck. He then walked to one of the walls and grabbed the end of one of the chains that snaked around the floor. He clipped it to her collar meaning that there was no way she could escape the confines of the cabin.
She watched her captor as he sat on the couch. He had a crop in his hand.
&#8216;What are you?&#8217;
&#8216;A person, I&#8217;m a free person!&#8217; Sarah wailed
CRACK. The crop landed harshly on Sarah&#8217;s thighs. CRACK. CRACK. CRACK. CRACK. On and on he made marks on Sarah&#8217;s body. She screamed each time. When he stopped Sarah curled herself into a ball.
&#8216;Kneel in front of me&#8217; He said. When Sarah did not move he cracked the crop on her back and ass. Leaving red welts behind. Sarah screamed again and begged him to stop. It took another 20 lashes for him to stop at which point Sarah was willing to do anything for her captor.
&#8216;KNEEL IN FRONT OF ME NOW!&#8217; Sarah scrambled not wanting to be hurt anymore. &#8216;Knees apart, eyes down hands behind your head, arch your back&#8217; he tapped each part of her as he ordered her into position.
&#8216;You will assume this position every time you are in my presence. Now you new name is whatever I wish to call you, you will only speak when asked a question and you will call me sir or daddy. Do you understand slut?
&#8216;Yes...&#8217; Sarah answered. He cracked the crop on her inner thighs, causing Sarah to jump
&#8216;Yes...Sir&#8217; she whimpered
&#8216;The quicker you accept your new position the less pain you will be in.&#8217; he said. Over the next 2 hours he drilled Sarah with questions, getting her to repeat his name, kneel in the correct position, crawling around the room and returning to him, until he no longer needed the crop.
Without saying a word he unclipped her collar chain and attached a leash and pulled it so she followed him. He then swapped the leash for a long chain attached to the bed.
&#8216;On the bed&#8217; he said
&#8216;No please don&#8217;t do this...let me go, please...I won&#8217;t tell anyone....&#8217; Sarah begged with everything she had left.
&#8216;GET ON THE BED!!&#8217; He bellowed slapping her hard; he grabbed her arms and threw her on there. Sarah screamed and cried thrashing with all her mite. He was too strong; he pushed her onto her back and pulled her legs up towards her head giving him access to her pussy. Without hesitating he thrust into her splitting her hymen and causing Sarah to scream louder. He pumped in and out in a rage till he climaxed in her. He withdrew and flipped her over this time aiming for her ass again he pumped into her causing so much pain for Sarah she nearly passed out. This time it felt like ages before his cock swelled, for an older man he had good stamina, as he felt himself coming close to climaxing he withdrew.
&#8216;Come to me now&#8217; he said stroking is stained cock. Sarah slowly moved her mind empty, pain coursing through her body. She faced him on all fours as he knelt on the bed. 
&#8216;Open your mouth&#8217; 
Resigned to her fate, Sarah opened her mouth, he pushed his cock inside and his load filled her throat. He held her against him so she swallowed it all. 
&#8216;Clean it&#8217; he said. Sarah licked her blood and his cum of his cock. He then left the bed, grabbed a chain that was attached to the wall and attached it to her collar. He then unclipped the chain from her left wrist and reclipped it with the chain behind her back. 
He lay down on the bed and pulled her to him with her back to him. He then pushed his cock into her pussy and left it there. 
It didn&#8217;t take long for him to fall asleep with his arms around Sarah. Crying silently so not to wake him Sarah soon drifted to sleep knowing she could not escape the evil man.

The following morning Sarah woke early, she had been dreaming of her mother. She sobbed quietly when she felt the ache in her shoulders from having her hands chained behind her. The feel of iron around her wrists ankles and neck resigned her to the fact she would not be leaving anytime soon. 
She felt her captor stirring beside her, he had moved in the night causing his cock to leave her aching pussy. He grabbed her tits and fondled them he moved closer so his cock touched her ass.&nbsp; He sniffed her hair, rolled her over and kissed her deeply. 
Sarah let him continue fondling her whilst he was in a good mood. When he stopped abruptly she thought she had done something wrong. She tensed herself waiting for a blow from his hand. But he swapped the chains on her collar to the leash he used last night, and reattached her wrist chain in front so she could crawl.
He pulled on the leash and took her to the bathroom, which was a tilled room from ceiling to floor a drain in one corner and a toilet in the other. The shower was nothing more than a garden hose and the familiar bolts and chains hung around the room. He switched the hose on and cold water streamed over her. He scrubbed the dried cum off her legs and face, and washed her hair. Lastly he went to the kitchen and returned with a pair of scissors. He grabbed her hair in a pony tail and cut it off. He dumped the strands of her hair in a bin in the kitchen, when he returned Sarah was sobbing on the floor of the bathroom.
&#8216;You better piss and shit now because if you do it later you will be punished&#8217; he said gruffly and impatiently. Though he didn&#8217;t say much to her what he did say had no emotion and it mentally made Sarah bend more to his will to keep him happy.
Sarah pissed in front of him. He sprayed her with more water and dried her with a towel. He then led her to the kitchen. With the events of the night before Sarah hadn&#8217;t taken in the room before. There was a fireplace and in front of that an old couch where she had lain on the floor and had her first blowjob. There was table with 4 chairs around it and small open kitchen with a breakfast bar that looked rather new. He led her to the table and chairs, picked up a long chain attached to a bolt on the wall and clipped in to her collar. He ordered her to assume her position then left to make his breakfast. 
When he returned he sat at the table and noisily ate in front of her. She held her position her stomach grumbling.&nbsp; When he finished he dumped his plate in the sink and sat on the couch.
&#8216;Get over here whore&#8217; he said. Still naked he waited for her to crawl in front of him. She assumed her position in front to wait for instructions. He was slightly surprised she remembered, but his expression remained hard and he simply said &#8216;suck&#8217;.
Sarah crawled towards him, and tentatively took his cock in her mouth. She placed her hands on his upper thighs. She had never really given a blowjob other than what she experienced last night, she remembered to cover her teeth and she moved her head down his cock taking it into her throat but not far enough that she gagged. After a short while he took the back of her head and pushed her head further onto his cock. It swelled under the pressure of her throat. He then moved her head quicker pumping his cock into her mouth.
&#8216;Use your tongue...lick it...suck it&#8217; he panted he slowed the movements of her head let her practise with her tongue for a few pumps, then pushed her head all the way down, so the full length of his cock was in her mouth. He climaxed inside her, she began to choke and splutter.
&#8216;Swallow it&#8217; he demanded. A small amount dribbled down her chin on to his leg &#8216;clean it up, you do not spill a drop&#8217; she licked the amount on his leg, and then cleaned his cock. He rested and pushed her off him. &#8216;Position&#8217; he spat at her. Sarah knelt in front of him, her knees apart and eyes on the floor chained hands behind her head. 
He stood and left her in front of the couch. He dressed for the first time since they arrived home. He returned to the living room.
&#8216;you will clean this house and it better be spotless, there are cameras everywhere so I will know if the job is not being done if you remove your collar chain you will be punished.&#8217; He grabbed her chin and forced her to look at him, &#8216;you have 2 hours, do not disappoint me&#8217; he let go and slapped her hard on the face and left locking the door behind him. Sarah heard the van go and stood for the first time in a day. She hobbled to the door and tugged on it, she then tried the windows, and nothing would budge. She was trapped. She fell to the floor and sobbed, the tears wouldn&#8217;t stop flowing. It felt like a very long time before she managed to calm herself down. 
Then she remembered what her captor told her, he would be back soon and she had done nothing!










Jason drove down the windy country lane towards the town. He had never been in such a hurry to shop and return to the old cabin. Jason turned 39 last month; his hair was greying in places, he had put on weight and had a few rolls of fat spilling over the belt on his jeans and his facial features where haggard which made people avoid him. He was made redundant 6 months ago from a trucking company that went bust, shortly after his wife then left him because there was no money coming in. She was a bitch and took their home and half of his savings; she was selfish and never did anything for him. He was miserable and hated women. He knew that if he wanted to maintain his new lifestyle then he would have to get a job soon. For now though he could reap the rewards of his slave who was shackled in the cabin waiting in fear for him to return. It made him hard thinking about it, but he needed to get his jobs done and return to her. 
In the town he left his CV at many warehouses, and taxi services. All his life he spent on the road. Once his slave was trained he would be able to either take him with her or leave her for hours at a time cleaning or chained in some way depending on the job he got. Lastly he went to the local Tesco&#8217;s and bought food for a week. He got a dog bowl for his slave too so that she could eat. He supposed she would have to if he wanted her to stay alive.
As he walked back to the truck he saw a policeman walking towards him handing out flyers. When he handed it to Jason he saw a picture of a young woman, around 17 years old, brown hair and brown eyes.
&#8216;If you see &#8216;err ring the number, though I think she long gone&#8217; he said and walked away. Jason watched him walk away before turning and smiling. He thought to himself, dumb copper, she&#8217;s not gone, she is in my cabin.
He chuckled all the way to his van, loaded the groceries and made his way back to his new slave. 

Jason drove back up the country road to the fake bushes only he could find. He heard a car coming down the lane so pretended to be having a piss until it passed. He moved the bushes and got his van onto the muddy track. He put the bushes back and continued till he made the clearing and gravel road leading to his cabin.
He slammed the door of the van so that she would hear it, with vain hope that she would be frightened of his return. He slowly walked to the door and inserted the key; he opened the door slowly and deliberately and walked in. Sarah lunged at him a knife and sliced his arm, Jason howled and Sarah took the opportunity to push past him and out the door. She moved as fast as her hobbled legs would carry her. 
Jason dived out the door and saw Sarah heading into the woods, he ran to his truck opened the glove box, took the gun and ran after her, he knew she wouldn&#8217;t get far, hobbled as she was and he knew his woods better than she did.
After 10 minutes of chasing Jason heard Sarah up ahead panting and her chains jingling as she moved. He slowed his pace and moved quietly. The jingling stopped and Jason saw her bent double leaning on a tree. He moved slowly towards her. A crow squawked in the distance making Sarah jump and begin moving again but Jason was too close. He pulled the hammer back which echoed in the silence and Sarah froze.
&#8216;That&#8217;s right you bitch, now turn around and drop the knife&#8217; he snarled
Sarah slowly turned around shakily the knife grasped in her hand, Jason edged closer and closer. Sarah had nowhere to go, she trembled as he grabbed her hand and the knife, throwing it somewhere into the woods. 
&#8216;No, no, no, noooooo&#8217; Sarah cried, she kicked and punched every part of him, until he picked up and threw her over his shoulder; she went limp.
The walk back to the cabin didn&#8217;t take long and Jason&#8217;s wrath was brewing every minute that passed. He opened the cabin door and threw Sarah on the floor. Locking the door he walked to a cabinet and pulled out a large ball gag and blindfold. He walked to Sarah dumped the items on the couch picked her up and pull her arms high, hooking her chain over a hook in the ceiling. When he let her go Sarah hung by her wrists her toes just touching the floor.
He pinched her nose and stuffed the ball into her mouth and secured it behind her head. Then he placed a blindfold over her eyes. Jason unclipped the hobble chain on her ankle and replaced it with a 2 metre bar spreading her legs wide. He left her and went outside again leaving the door open. He put the gun back in the car and leant against it; he took a deep breath and calmed himself. He nearly lost his most prized possession, he nearly went to prison for the rest of his life.
He was angry, how could he have been so stupid as to believe she would bend to his will so easily. Well she would learn a valuable lesson now. He walked back to the house slammed the door and locked it, Sarah sobbed through the gag, Jason could see saliva dripping on to her breasts. He went to the kitchen; he removed all of the sharp objects and put them into a locked drawer. He would wait until she was completely under his control before allowing her things. He knew this setback would take month&#8217;s maybe years to rectify.
Before returning to his whimpering slave who was hanging in the living room he tended to his arm. The cut was not deep and would heal quickly. He placed a bandage over it to keep out infection. He moved back to the cabinet in the living room and took out several different whips and paddles, alligator clips and a candle. He placed the items on the floor in front of her. 
He moved around her and slapped her ass, causing muffled screams to leave her. He pulled and pinched at her nipples till they were hard. The alligator clips were placed on both, a thin chain joined them and finally a weight place on the chain. Sarah was crying out in short gasps tears streamed down her cheeks onto her breasts. He then lit the candle and waited for Sarah to calm herself. When the wax had melted in the middle bent down and poured a drop onto each foot, each breast and lastly on her ass. He repeated it slowly each time a drop fell Sarah flinched. Jason put the candle down and chose the flogger, he landed it on every inch of her back, ass and legs then her breasts and stomach finishing with 5 stokes on her pussy. By the end Sarah was hanging limply in her bonds completely spent from the punishment. Her body shook uncontrollably and tears flowed freely. Jason packed up the items and left the room, leaving Sarah hanging there. 

Jason walked to the bedroom and loaded his computer. He went on to a chat site and asked other masters how they control there slaves. It didn&#8217;t take long for the replies to come in; many suggest a mixture of drugs, pain and isolation to make their minds confused and easier to bend to the will of the master.
One reply offered to come and train her, but Jason didn&#8217;t want any masters coming to his house, the thought of another man touching his own slave, well the anger boiled inside him. Calming himself he asked about the drugs and where to buy them. There was a dealer in the next town over, and so he phoned and ordered enough for the next month. He dressed and left the cabin without a word to Sarah.
When he returned several hours later, his slave was a mess. Her short hair all over her face, sweat and drool covered her chest. He lifted her off the hook, causing Sarah to yell in pain and shock as blood rushed to her limbs. He removed the spreader bar, took the chain from her wrists and clipped them together behind her back and reattached the hobble chain. He picked up the long chain from the wall and attached it but this time with a padlock. He left the ball gag but took the blindfold off and pushed her to the ground, laying her down.
Sarah cried again and tried to beg through her gag, pleading with her master, every inch of her body screamed in pain. She wanted nothing more than to sleep.
&#8216;You hurt me today.&#8217; Jason said holding her face so she looked into his cold eyes. &#8216;You will never do that again. This is so you remember it&#8217; he filled a syringe with the drug he was told that would confuse her memories and thoughts. How that worked Jason didn&#8217;t know but it would last for 6 hours. She may want to sleep but the drug would keep her mind occupied. He tapped her arm to get a vein and plunged the liquid into her. Jason watched the affects take hold before going to bed.
Jason woke early on Monday. He lay there thinking about his slave. It made him hard. He washed and went to the living room naked. Sarah lay there asleep. Jason slapped her ass waking her. She moaned as Jason filled another syringe. Sarah mewed through her gag as he tapped her vein again and plunged it into her. 
The dealer told him for best effect to fuck her when the drugs were working. The pleasure of an orgasm bends the victim to the will of the master. So he released her ankle chain and rolled her on her back. He licked her pussy and she squirmed and moaned. He moved up her body kissing and licking her as he went, fingers probed her pussy as she gradually became wetter and wetter. Sarah moaned and moved as her frustration built, her mind going through images of her captor saving her at the train station, and her mother abandoning her, everything becoming confused in her mind. The pain of the whip for angering her master and the pleasure of her first orgasm becoming mixed and confusing as she tried to make sense of her new life. Memories of her childhood began to fade. 
Sarah&#8217;s movements against Jason&#8217;s became urgent and he knew she was close. He kissed her mouth and thrust 3 fingers in and out of her wet pussy, Sarah arched he back and screamed through her gag realising waves of cum onto Jason&#8217;s fingers. 
Jason removed the ball gag and shoved the fingers into her mouth
&#8216;Clean them&#8217; he said, to Sarah he felt miles away but something urged her to lick his fingers. Something about this disgusting act felt right.
Sarah felt the fingers leave her mouth and felt the weight of her master leave. She laid there, the effects of the drugs wearing off, coming to her senses; she was even more confused about her situation. Sarah tried to remember her mother, but only bad memories emerged; her father was gone replaced by the captor that tormented her. Images of her chains; his cock, the feel of him on her, inside her swam inside her mind and the feeling that she could never escape it would not disappear.
Jason was in the kitchen, he needed to feed her before drugging her again. He left a plate of food in front of her.
&#8216;Eat&#8217; he said, he wanted to see how much of the drugs would work. Last time he made her eat with no hands.
Sarah pushed herself onto all fours, in the back of her mind she knew she could pick up the food and eat it, but something else made her think twice as she bent her head to the food, ass in the air, taking bite after bite into her empty stomach.
Jason watched her, a smile on his face. He had much work to do; he needed a job and some cash fast, he wouldn&#8217;t be able to keep his pet forever. Jason loaded another syringe of drugs ready. He walked over to the cupboard of his whips and other toys and withdrew a vibrator. The drugs he was giving her were to alter her memory so all she would think about was him. By forcing an orgasm during her last dose he had made her think about him and pleasure. 
He moved over to her and grabbed her arms, pulling her into a kneeling position. He took a length of rope from the cupboard and tied it to the chain between her wrist cuffs, then looped it over the hook and pulled it lifting her arms above her head. He secured the end of the rope to another hook on the wall. Jason then slapped the inside of Sarah&#8217;s thighs forcing her to make them wider, her head bobbed as she looked at him.
&#8216;Please....&#8217; she said lazily. 
&#8216;It&#8217;s ok my whore, it will soon feel better&#8217; Jason cooed stroking her face and kissing her deeply. He took a spreader bar with 2 large iron manacles at either end. He placed it between just above her knees and locked the manacles around her legs, leaving Sarah completely open and unable to move. 
Jason went back to the cupboard took out a penis gag and a chastity belt. Returning to Sarah he pulled her head back so she could look at him.
&#8216;Open up&#8217; he said
Sarah&#8217;s eyes, red and tired, blinked slowly as she opened her mouth. Jason filled it with the penis gag, which tickled the back of Sarah&#8217;s throat making her wretch until she controlled her reflexes.
Finally Jason knelt in front of her and secured a belt around her waist. This belt had another strap of leather that would go between Sarah&#8217;s legs and attach to the back of the strap around her waist. Before he secured it, Jason pushed two fingers into Sarah bringing her back from wherever her mind had wandered. He kissed her cheek as he slowly played with her pussy. Sarah whimpered as she became hot and wet for him. He kissed her gagged mouth, then her forehead before removing his fingers and wiping them on her breast.
Picking up the vibrator he set it to random and forced it into her pussy. It took 3 thrusts to get the large instrument into her. Lastly he buckled the straps into place making sure the vibrator could not fall out.
Immediately Sarah felt the effects of the vibrator, a fresh sheen of sweat covered her body as it tormented her. Jason picked up the syringe off the cupboard and tapped the vein in her left arm again. 
&#8216;Something to help you my whore, soon you will be completely mine&#8217; Jason said.
Sarah moaned into her gag and could do nothing to stop the toxin entering her body. Jason lifted her chin and kissed her mouth again leaving her to his torment. 
He went to the bedroom and dressed while the computer loaded. He checked his emails. Apart from a junk mail he had one from the chat site where he got the drugs. Jason opened it. It was the bloke that had offered his training services. Jason had no interest and so deleted the email. Jason searched for jobs in the area when another email came through.
&#8216;Dear Mr J Bancroft&#8217; it read &#8216;I received an email from my colleague in Newport about your application for work. I currently have a position for a truck driver in our logistics business in Devon. If you would like to apply please contact me&#8217;
Devon was 2 counties over. He could start over once his pet was trained. He typed a reply and went to check on Sarah. She was only an hour into her current round of drugs, a pool of cum already forming on the floor between her legs. Sweat and drool covered her face. She looked beautiful to Jason.
Without acknowledging her Jason grabbed his wallet and keys and left to buy a new suit for his potential interview.
2 hours later Jason opened the door. Sarah was currently riding the wave of yet another orgasm given by the device in her pussy. She breathed deeply through her nose as it ended. Jason put down the bags he was carrying and went back to the van. He bought her a large metal dog cage which he placed in the bedroom. He placed his suit neatly in the wardrobe and returned to his slave. The drugs would have worn off long ago but he decided if he got the job and was moving Sarah had to be secured.
Jason removed all of Sarah&#8217;s bonds and carried her to the bathroom. She didn&#8217;t argue her body so limp, her mind empty and drained of any emotion.
Jason cleaned her and decided to cut her hair shorter so it was a bit neater. He dried her and took her to the bedroom placing her in the cage. He locked the door and watched as she fell into a deep sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Annonymous23


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





