BDSM Library - Jessica's Pony Ride




Jessica's Pony Ride
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl goes out for a ride and gets to ride more than one horse






Jessica's Pony Ride

Chapter 1

Around eleven pm Jessica had finally finished the third book of Ann Rice's Sleeping Beauty erotica. She reached over and snapped off her night stand lamp pitching her bedroom into darkness. She slipped her hand under her covers and reached down between her long lean legs, she spread them apart and used her right hand to cup her mons. She used her fingers to stroke her inner thighs and then slowly moved closer towards covered sex. She pulled the gusset of her panties aside and began to explore the lips of her sex. 

Her fingers stroked up and down between the lips of her pussy ever so slowly. She felt her petals of her sex open up like a blossoming flower as her fingers slipped their way in between her inner lips. Bending the end of her index finger she felt her sex open up and swallow her finger. Almost as if it were sucked inside of her. A low moan escaped her lips as she slowly began to pump her finger in and out of her pussy. 

Her middle finger joined her index finger and entered her pussy.&nbsp; Her sheath tighten around both fingers as the pace of her rhythm picked up. Her fingers now wet with her love juices, moved in and out at a moderate pace. More moans escaped her lips. Her legs spread even wider as she pulled her knees up closer to her body, toes pointed outward.

Jessica increased the pace of her fingering. She began pumping her fingers harder and faster into her pussy. Her left hand moved up to her small breast as she began toying with her nipple, pulling and squeezing it. Rolling it between her fingers. She began to thrust her hips upwards to meet the inner stroke of her fingers. Her left hand went back down to pussy. She reached inside of her panties and found her clit. Her right hand pumped her fingers in and out of her pussy as the fingers of her left hands now rubbed her clitorus vigorously. 

Her breathing was now rapid when suddenly the orgasm washed over her like a blissful tidal wave of pleasure. Her body stiffened, her legs pressed down on the bed as she arched her back lifting&nbsp; her hips off of the bed. A loud series of moans left her lips as her body responded to the orgasm. 

Thirty seconds later Jessica relaxed and her body dropped back down to the bed as the pleasure that rocked her world subsided. She slowly pulled her fingers out of her pussy. She squeezed her thighs together keeping her hands cup over her mons as she felt the product of her orgasm leak out into her panties and onto her bed. She pulled the now wet panties down off of her long legs and threw them into the corner of her room. Quickly she covered her naked body with her blanket and rolling over onto her side, she closed her eyes and fell quickly to sleep with a smile on her lips. 

The next morning found Jessica early at the stables. She saddled her horse and mounted her to ride. Riding since she was nine, it was her pleasure and escape from the world. Since it was Saturday, she would take Billie out for a long day ride. 

Taking a trail she hadn't&nbsp; taken in a long time, she headed out. The trail took her through the woods and then out through a few fields before turning back into the woods again and climbing up into the hills. She had been traveling for several hours when she spied a small path off to the right. Pulling on the reins she turned her horse to follow the path. Following the path took her through more woods and then to a clearing. On the far side of the clearing sat an old Victorian home. Run down from years of disuse, it's paint faded and cracked. Windows missing and boards covering others. Almost as if the place looked to be haunted.

She wanted to task a closer look and urged her horse forward when suddenly something spooked Billie and she reared up on to her hind legs throwing Jessica from the saddle. Falling backwards off of her horse her body hit the ground knocking the wind out of her lungs and hitting the back of her head on the hard ground she passed out. 

Chapter 2

When Jessica awoke, she immediately knew something was wrong. She she shook her head to clear the cobwebs from her brain when she noticed she was standing upright. She tried to move her arms but found that they were held up over her head. Leather cuffs encircled her wrists and we're in turn chained up to the ceiling. That's when she also noticed she was totally nude. 

She began to shake and looking around the room, could see very little in the darkened shadows of the place. Her room was eirily lit but by a single torch burning in a wall holder just inside a door. A very ominous looking, heavy wooden door. Jessica began to call out. First, it was just hellos and is anyone there, but soon it turned to loud pleas of help as she tugged on the chains holding her arms upwards trying to get loose. After awhile she resigned and stopped her futile struggling and stood there waiting. Her lithe teen body stretched out as she balanced up on the balls of her feet. 

Time passed slowly when she heard the noise of people in the distance. She began to call out for help once again. She stopped when she heard who ever come closer. 

"In here, help! Please! "

She heard what sounded like keys in a lock and then a bolt thrown when suddenly, the door to the room opened and in walked three men all carrying torches. They placed the torches into wall holders spaced around the room which seemed to bask the room with much needed light. 

The men gathered around her looking at her nakedness. Leering and lusting over her young body. 

"Who is she?" One of them asked. 

"I don't know. I found her outside."

"Outside? What was she doing there? "

"Looks as if she had fallen and smacked the back of her head. There were horse tracks near by. I believe she was thrown. "

"Yes, please. My horse was spooked and I fell. Please help me! Let me go! " She cried abs she struggled with the chains above. 

"Quite girl! " One of them said. 

"She needs to be gaged. " Another said. 

"What? No! " Jessica pleaded as one of the men approached her holding what looked like a large ball in his hand. He brought the ball up to her lips. "Open! " he commanded, but Jessica clamped her mouth shut. With his other hand he reached up and squeezed her face where her jaw hinged together. The pain forced her mouth open and the man pushed the ball into her mouth stretching her jaws wide. A pop was heard as the hard rubber ball settled in behind her teeth with about a quarter of its circumference remaining outside of her mouth. Her pouty lips formed an 'O' around it. 
Straps protruding from the sides of the ball were pulled around each side of her face and buckled tightly together behind her head. 

She tried to expel the ball with her tongue but it would not budge. Drool began forming in her mouth and dribbled past her lips to slide embrassingly down her chin. 

"If she's a horse woman than maybe she should be made to ride the wooden pony? " One of the men said. 

"That's a splendid idea! " Answered one. 

"Yes, quite." Said the third. 

"First she needs to be attired. " 

Attired? Are they going to dress me? Jessica wondered? And what was this wooden pony? 

The men moved about. One of them approached Jessica holding something in his hands. Bending down he forced her to step into some sort of leather clothing item. He then pulled it up over her legs and hips until it settled around her waist. It covered her slender midsection from above the curves of her hips to just under her breasts. It turned out to be a heavily boned leather corset. 

As the man began to tighten the laces of the corset behind her, the other two dragged something from the shadows into the light in front of her. The wooden pony! 

Slowly, her midsection was squeezed as the man laced the leather corset around her tighter and tighter. Jessica could only stare in fright as the wooden pony was reviled. It looked like an oversized kids rocking horse but with some notable differences. First was the saddle. Unlike a normal shaped saddle, the pony saddle was two wooden sides slanted away from each so the rider would sit atop of the apex of where the wood met together. Protruding from the center of the saddle was a wooden cock head about 2" wide and 2" in height.
The head of the pony was carved so as to look as evil as a horse could. Ruby eyes glittered from the dancing fire light of the torches adding to the evil look. It's tail, also made of carved wood stood straight upwards behind the pony with several iron rings attached to it at different heights. 

Jessica was having difficulty breathing as the corset was finished being tightened. She heard a zipper as a leather flap was folded over the laces and then a click as a padlock was snapped in place preventing entry to the laces. 

Next she heard them speaking of riding boots, but the boots they forced on her feet were anything but made for riding. They had long stiletto heals. Maybe 6-7" long forcing her feet into an en point position so she ended up standing on her toes like a ballerina. 

A riding helmet was next. The one they used, encased her entire head in leather. Small tubes forced into her nostrils allowed her air to breathe. There were no other openings in the leather helmet and it to was tightly laced in the back molding the leather to her face. Straps were tightened and buckled around the helmet. One around her mouth forcing the ball gag deeper into her mouth and the second around her eyes putting pressure on the eyes pads located inside the helmet. She was now in total darkness. An integral leather collar attached to the hood was buckled and locked tightly around her throat further restricting her breathing. The collar prevented anyone from getting to the laces of the hood.

Last came the riding gloves, or rather glove, singular. Her arms were lowered, unhooked from the chain above and brought together behind her back as she was forced to stand in place all her weight on her toes. A leather sheath was pulled up over her arms encasing them. It too was then laced up tightly drawing her shoulders back as it pulled her forearms and then her elbows painfully together. Straps from the leather sheath slipped under her arms to cross over the top of her breasts and then over the tops of the opposite shoulders to buckle back on the sheath to keep it from slipping down off of her arms. It too had a zippered flap enclosure which covered the laces of the leather glove. Once padlock-ed the laces to the glove could not be gotten to. 

She was now ready and was led over to the widen pony. 

Chapter 3

One of the men lifted her lithe body up and set her atop of the wooden horse. The slanted planks forced her legs to spread wide apart. She balance precariously on her toes in the boots as her crotch sat on the edge of the pony splayed painfully in half. The worst part was the cock head&nbsp; which forced itself 2" into her pussy sheath spreading her lips of her sex apart. 

Her legs were lifted from the floor and bent backwards along the slanted planks to attach to cuffs at the base of the pony's tail. This forced her pussy down on the center of the wood, crushing it with her own body weight. A muffled scream could be heard from under her helmet. Her arms were pulls upwards behind her and attached midway up to the base of the tail to prevent her from falling over. 

She could hear one of the men tell another to attach the reigns. A minute later, one at a time her nipples exploded in pain as clamps were placed on each. Bungie cords attached to the clamps pulled her small breasts forwards into cone shapes towards a briddle set into the wooden pony's mouth. 

Last a cord was attached to a ring at the top of the helmet and pulled her head backwards forcing her to face upwards as it was attached to the top of the pony's tail. 
She was now ready to begin her ride. 

"Look," one of the men said. "She wets the wood with her arousal. " Jessica felt ashamed as she knew he was right as painful as it was sitting on the pony, her body betrayed her. 

Each of the men picked up a riding crop. One of the men swung and struck the center of her left buttock with a resounding slap. Jessica screamed behind the gag and leaned forward causing the pony to rock forward. As it did, the cock head in her pussy moved upwards an inch inside of her. 
Another swung catching one of her breast hard underneath, jerking it upwards from the blow. Jessica screamed again as she jerked backwards. The clamps held tightly stretching her nipples further as the pony rocked backwards. The cock head in pussy moved downwards to it's original position. 

The next blow struck downwards on her inner thigh of her leg. Another scream ripped from her air starved lungs as she jerked forward again. Further this time than last. The cock head moved upwards into her pussy several inches deeper this time. Also, it's base widened some. Spreading her more as it pushed into her. 

Jessica was unable to know where they would strike next as each of the men rained blows upon her. Striking her each time she tried to stop moving. The pony was now in full motion back and forth. The cock head pushed deep into her with each forward motion of the pony. The deeper it got the wider it was at its base. It penetrated her, thrusting up inside of her, banging painfully against her cervix. 

Along with the whipping she forced herself backwards so the cock head would lower. But this only forced the clamps to yank painfully on her sore tender nipples. Forward or backwards she could not get away from the pain. Yet the cock head moving in and out of her pussy was pleasuring her. 

Jessica could not get away from the whipping yet pleasure was building up in her body. Her screams behind the gag and the helmet were one continuous scream but we're no longer from just the pain. She rocked the pony faster and faster as her body responded to the cock head rapping her pussy. Her head exploded as her juices flooded the wooden plank beneath her in such a powerful orgasm as she had never experienced before. 
It was only then the whippings stopped as well as the rocking of the pony. Jessica screamed in pain as the clamps were removed and the blood returned to her nipples like a thousand needles. Every muscle in her body was like mush as they released her from the pony. 

Chapter 3

The helmet and the gag were removed and Jessica was made to kneel against a stout wooden pole. The single glove her arms were in was attached to the pole and her booted legs were lifted up behind her and also attached to the pole so she was resting painfully on her knees only. In this position she was forced to suck off the men until each of them came in her mouth. Swallowing their hot sticky cum. 

The rest of her attire was removed and she was placed nude on a mattress on the floor were she quickly feel into a deep sleep. 

She awoke hours later in her own bed. Her head throbbed and her body was sore from her fall off of her horse earlier in the day. 
Her dad was there. 
"What, how? "
"Shh ," he said. "Rest now, you had a bad fall off of your horse. "
"But, how did I get here? "
"Bob found you after he back tracked your horse when she came back without you. He found you up iin the hills by the old Munford place and brought you home. Now go back to sleep and rest. We'll talk in the morning. " he said as he tucked her in and kissed her on the forehead before turning out the light and leaving the room. 
She could hear her mother in the hallway asking her dad how she was. "She'll be alright." He answered. 
"Did she say how she got those stange marks on her body? "
"No, but I'm sure they are from the rough ground where she fell. "
"On both sides of her body? "
"I don't know, but let it go. If there's something she wants to tell us, she will in her own time. Now let's go down stairs so she can rest. "
Jessica heard her parents walk down the stairs. The old Munford place?&nbsp; Her right hand reached down and slipped into her panties as she began softly stroking her sore pussy. I think I'll have to take another ride out there she thought as she slipped a single finger into her pussy. As soon as I'm able. 

End



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Napoleon Leopold


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





