BDSM Library - Jeannie's Ordeal




Jeannie's Ordeal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mature socially prominent woman is sentenced to prison






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jeannie Stevens was the divorced wife of a successful businessman. As a result of a good lawyer, her divorce had left her financially secure. She spent her time traveling and dabbling in some community affairs. As a middle aged society woman it was not unusual for her name to be in the papers. Unfortunately this time it appeared because her temper had gotten the better of her in traffic.&nbsp; The whole incident had been seen by a cop who charged her with attempted manslaughter because he said she had attempted to run down the pedestrian, with whom she had exchanged words.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She pulled an unsympathetic jury and was found guilty.Since the verdict she had been on tranquilizers which was not unusual considering that she had been seeing a psychiatrist for years.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, she stood before the judge awaiting her sentence.&nbsp; Her lawyer had done a good job pointing out all the good she had done for the community and parading a long line of character witnesses. He had also tried to prepare her for the worst in case he was unsuccessful. The Judge claimed to take all that into account but said justice must be even handed. He sentenced her to eighteen months.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her knees went weak and she almost fainted when she heard the sentence. She dropped into the chair while her lawyer asked that her bail be continued while he took her appeal. The Judge shocked her again by finding that she was a risk to flee since she had substantial assets and properties in foreign countries. Bail was denied so that her imprisonment would begin immediately. Jeannie put her head in her hands and began to sob.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When she was arrested she had been taken to a station house where she had been met by her lawyer who had arrived before the police paperwork had been finished. She had been taken immediately to a courtroom where the judge released her on bail. As a result she was yet to spend any time behind bars. Now she would spend a year and a half there.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her lawyer tried to console her but he knew that her appeal would most likely fail. When the guard approached her to take her out, her lawyer suggested he take her valuables. She gave him her watch, earrings, bracelet, rings and necklace.&nbsp; Her three best friends, who had been character witnesses, were still in the court so she felt embarrassed as she took off her jewelry, almost like she was undressing in front of them.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard who observed this told her the state would provide her with some new bracelets.&nbsp; With that he grasped her wrist and slapped it into the manacle of a pair of handcuffs.&nbsp; When he had the other on he told her to get up and go with him. Her friends looked on helplessly as she was led from the courtroom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; From the court room she was taken down a hall where they were met by a short solidly built police woman.&nbsp; "Let's make sure you don't have anything on you" the police woman said "Empty out that purse on the desk". She gave the woman her pocket book who opened it and held it upside down over the desk. She carefully called out each item as she wrote it down. "Four hundred twenty six dollars and twenty seven cents: Vallium: four keys on a ring: Cross pen and pencil: American Express card ... " her voice droned on for another six minutes while she completed her inventory.&nbsp; When it was completed she said "Sign here". Jeannie took the pen and signed the list at the bottom. The woman put everything back in the purse and placed it on a shelf behind her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now let's check you over.&nbsp; Spread your feet apart" she ordered. Jeannie was not sure what was going on but she did as she was told. When she did, the policewoman went behind her and began to run her hands over Jeannie's body. She messed up Jeannie's hair as she ran her hands through it. She moved her hands over her shoulders then dropped to the chest where she felt Jeannie's breasts through her brassiere. Satisfied she felt her way down to Jeannie's hips then ran her hands down the outside of her legs.&nbsp; There was nothing hidden below the edge of her skirt so she stopped there.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie could do nothing but stand there and endure the humiliation. But it was not over. When the woman reached the hem of Jeannie's skirt she moved her hands to the inside of her legs and began moving back up again. The officer who had led her from the courtroom was still standing there as were two other officers. As the police woman's hands moved up Jeannie's legs, her skirt rose with them. Her hands did not stop until she reached Jeannie's crotch then she ran her hands over every inch, front and back, of Jeannie's panties before she removed her hands from under the skirt.&nbsp; Jeannie was mortified but was so taken back she could not utter a sound.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "She's clean. You can lock her up now" the police woman announced. With that the officer escorted her off, sans purse, to a holding cell, where he ushered her in, removed the cuffs and left, locking the door behind him.&nbsp; Jeannie sat down on the bed, rubbed her wrists and began to sob hysterically.&nbsp; She could not imagine how it would be for a year and a half. After about twenty minutes she collapsed on to the cot and dropped off to sleep.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was aroused by the jailer opening the cell door and bringing in a tray. She had been sentenced at nine o'clock but didn't know what time it was now. She cursed giving her watch to her lawyer but they would probably have taken it from her by now anyway.&nbsp; She was not sure how long she had slept but assumed this was lunch. The jailer left the tray on the floor and went out. She was not the least bit hungry but looked at it any way. It held a cheese sandwich on white bread with a cup of warm coffee. She did not touch either.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She sat alone in the cell for the next several hours. She began to get anxious and wished she still had her tranquilizers. First she looked around and noticed her cell contained only one cot, which was fastened to the wall, a toilet and a sink.&nbsp; That was all, unless you count the mattress and blanket on the cot. The side walls and back wall were all solid so she could not see anywhere except out the front.&nbsp; The front faced another solid wall across the corridor.&nbsp; The front was all bars but she could only see a few feet to either side.&nbsp; There seemed to be sounds coming from down the corridor but not from the nearby cells.&nbsp; The jailers passed by every half hour or so there was not much to watch.&nbsp; Jeannie had nothing to read, not that she could concentrate on it, still the enforced boredom made her confinement worse.&nbsp; She had nothing to do but worry about what she was facing. After a few more hours a guard came by to tell her she would be transported to the county prison at least for the night or maybe a few days before she would be taken to the State Women's Prison.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; About a half hour later he appeared again to take her away. First she had to stand while he cuffed her wrists. Then he stooped before her and snapped a pair of leg irons around her ankles. She had not thought of this and her anxiety level increased again. She followed him out and was loaded into a van with two male prisoners who were similarly shackled. When she looked at them she noticed one was particularly fierce looking so she was glad that they were shackled even if it meant she had to be also.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After a twenty minute ride, they passed through two gates in the double fenced enclosure of the county jail and rode up to the main building.&nbsp; She was taken out and the van with the other prisoners went to another building. She was ushered inside where the officer escorting her turned some paper work over to the person at the desk. A female guard came up and she was turned over to her. Jeannie noticed that she had been reunited with her purse although the woman kept it in her possession. She was taken into another room where a short, stout, unpleasant looking police woman, wearing a uniform with three stripes on the sleeve, sat behind a desk. There were shelves on the wall behind her containing many boxes and stacks of clothing. As they came in the woman got a big box and some other items off the shelves.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Is this the rich bitch?" she asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yeah" replied her escort.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, we'll see how she likes the accommodations here".&nbsp; Jeannie was taken back. She felt she had done nothing to deserve this kind of treatment. Still as it turned out, she had seen nothing yet. The desk sergeant put the box up on the desk.&nbsp; "Let's have your shoes, Bitch" she said to Jeannie. Still startled Jeannie slowly removed her shoes and gave them to the woman. The sergeant called out "Tan high heels" as she wrote it down.&nbsp; Jeannie would have described them as "beige pumps" but of course she said nothing.&nbsp; "Gimmie your belt" was the sergeant's next order.&nbsp; When Jeannie complied she said "Tan belt".
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Standing there in her stocking feet on the cold concrete floor Jeannie hoped this was the end. It was a funny thing but at that moment she desperately wished for a pair of slippers.&nbsp; She had dozens of pairs of them which her former husband had always chided her about.&nbsp; She had never been comfortable going barefoot and always wore slippers whenever her feet touched the floor and she was not wearing shoes. She had heard that they took prisoner's belts and shoes so they would not have anything to hurt themselves or others with so she hoped this would be the end of the sergeant's efforts.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next words out of the sergeant's mouth showed Jeannie that would not be the case.&nbsp; "Let's have your dress" came the next order.&nbsp; Jeannie was startled, disappointed too, still after hesitating she unbuttoned her dress, took it off and handed it to the sergeant.&nbsp; She stood there in her bra, panties and stockings and began to tremble.&nbsp; "Now them stockings" said the sergeant.&nbsp; Jeannie pulled her pantyhose down and slipped her feet out of them handing them to the sergeant.&nbsp; Left in only her bra and panties her anxiety level rose even more.&nbsp; She knew what was coming but hoped in vain it would not. She had never before stripped on command in front of another woman. As much as she was hating the experience, she was helpless to resist.&nbsp; "Gimmie your bra" said the sergeant.&nbsp; Slowly Jeannie reached behind and unfastened her brassiere.&nbsp; She slipped out of it, dropped it on the desk and quickly returned her hands to cover her recently exposed nipples. The sergeant said "flesh colored bra, size thirty four C" as she made an entry in her records.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now them panties and speed it up" she said next. She apparently had seen many women in this position before and knew they tried to hold on to the last bit of their dignity as long as possible.&nbsp; Jeannie was paralyzed and did not move. "Speed it up Bitch" the sergeant shouted at her.&nbsp; Jeannie's hands were trembling as she finally reached for her panties. She pulled them down exposing her cunt, then worked them down her legs before stepping out of them completely naked.&nbsp; The sergeant made a final entry and dropped the panties into the box.&nbsp; "Sign here" she ordered thrusting a pen at the naked Jeannie.&nbsp; She signed her name with a trembling hand before giving the pen back to the sergeant who carried the box across the room and placed it on a shelf.&nbsp; Jeannie stood there watching her with one hand covering her breasts and the other over her crotch.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When the sergeant returned she put on a pair of rubber gloves. "Go over and face that wall, stand behind the line and raise both hands over your head" she ordered. Jeannie did as she was told stopping behind a line which had been painted on the floor three and a half feet from the wall.&nbsp; The sergeant came over and stood behind her. As Jeannie stood facing the wall with her hands raised the sergeant made her move her feet apart.&nbsp; She made her keep moving them until they were two feet apart.&nbsp; "Drop against the wall" the sergeant ordered giving her a shove to help out.&nbsp; Jeannie had to go up on her toes and lost her balance as she fell against the wall. She was spread eagled against the wall and would fall if she moved her arms.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She felt the sergeant's rubber glove covered hand going through her hair. Next the sergeant dug a comb into Jeannie's scalp at the base of her neck and pulled it slowly forward to the edge of her forehead, then out to the ends of the hair on the front of her head. She returned the comb to the neck and repeated the strokes until she had covered every inch of Jeannie scalp. When she had finished Jeannie's hair hung forwaed over her face. The sergeant then came round with a pair of scissors and cut off all but about six inches of the hair which hung down. As Jeannie saw her hair fall to the floor, she wondered what she must look like.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The hair completed the sergeant turned her attention to Jeannie's face. First she shoved a finger up each nostril pushing Jeannie's head back as she did. Then she ordered her to open her mouth as wide as she could. When Jeannie complied she ran a gloved finger all around the inside of Jeannie's mouth.&nbsp; She then felt Jeannie breasts spreading them as wide as she could.&nbsp; Jeannie shuddered as she felt the finger run down her back and into the crack of her ass. It stopped when it touched her asshole then forced its way in. The sergeant pushed it as far as it would go then she ran it all around the inside of Jeannie's rectum.&nbsp; "Please, don't" was all Jeannie could say in an effort to end her humiliation. When she finished the sergeant pulled her finger out and wiped it on Jeannie's leg before reaching between her legs to Jeannie's cunt.&nbsp; Jeannie began to sob as the sergeant pulled her lips apart and forced two fingers into her cunt. Again the fingers slowly felt all the way around before they were withdrawn.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I haven't found any contraband" the sergeant reported to Jeannie's guard who had been standing there watching the whole process. "OK you can stand up again" the sergeant told Jeannie. She pushed off the wall and stood there with her arms above her head sobbing.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "The rich bitch seems a little upset" said the sergeant.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Maybe she only lets her gynecologist treat her like you just did" suggested the other.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Maybe her boyfriend treats her like that and she misses him already?&nbsp; said the sergeant laughing.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well she better get used to it" remarked the other. Their insensitively made Jeannie sob more.&nbsp; She could not imagine enduring this for a long time.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The sergeant allowed Jeannie to lower her arms but made her put them behind her back where she handcuffed them again. The sergeant then guided her out of the room into the hall. She paraded her naked down the hall past more than a half dozen other female officers some in uniform and others in plain clothes.&nbsp; Jeannie did not know that the plain clothes officers were cops and felt even more embarrassed being naked before them.&nbsp; With her hands cuffed behind her back, they had an unobstructed view of her breasts and genitals which mortified her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally she was taken into a brightly lighted room. One wall which was marked with a grid and had bright spotlights shining on it. Jeannie was positioned against the wall facing toward a side wall which adjoined it. Her name and some numbers were placed in rack which was hung next to her on the wall. "OK, now face her front" she heard a male voice say. She could not believe her ears and reflectively she pulled on the handcuffs trying to use her hands to cover herself.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The sergeant turned her and she faced the lights. She could see a camera with some movement behind it but could not see the photographer. Facing the camera she moved her feet together and squeezed her legs against each other tightly. She lowered her head. The sergeant immediately yanked her head up by pulling sharply on her hair. She stood facing the camera until she heard it click then she was turned facing the door for the next shot.&nbsp; One more was taken as she faced the wall.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After the photographer indicated he was finished, the sergeant asked if he wanted one for his personal collection. She suggested his friends might get a laugh out of this haughty old bitch.&nbsp; He agreed and Jeannie was turned once more facing the camera.&nbsp; This time the sergeant made her move her feet apart wider than her shoulders. Then she hit her across the back of the knees making her bend them. Once again she had to raise her head up. As the final insult the sergeant ordered her to smile.&nbsp; Jeannie forced a grin even though tears were again beginning to flow down her cheeks.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you want one with a prop?" asked the sergeant.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yea, I guess so" came the photographer's unenthusiastic response.&nbsp; The sergeant came in front of her with a billy club which terrified Jeannie. She reached for Jeannie's still exposed cunt and pulled the lips open. Without the benefit of any lubricant she shoved the end of the club into Jeannie's cunt. She forced about six inches of it in before letting go of it. It hung from her cunt like a well endowed erect penis. Again she had to raise her head to fully face the camera. The shutter clicked again and the sergeant yanked the club from Jeannie's cunt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her picture taking over, Jeannie was once again taken out to the corridor to be returned to the room where her ordeal started.&nbsp; This trip too added another surprise. On the way back she encountered two male guards coming in the opposite direction down the hall.&nbsp; While the bright lights had kept her from seeing the male photographer, she had a clear view of these two (as they obviously did of her). They both starred directly at her focusing on her naked torso. She lowered her eyes in a futile attempt to avoid their inspection.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The sergeant seemed in no hurry to get back since she stopped by the coffee room for a cup of coffee, taking Jeannie with her. Jeannie had to stand by naked while the sergeant drank her coffee and chatted with two other female officers.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When they finally got back to the original room the sergeant pulled down some clothes for Jeannie. She gave her a pair of nylon panties, a cotton camisole, a pair of orlon and cotton thigh high black hose, and a pair of black canvas scuffs with rubber soles. A grey, below the knee length sleeveless dress with a square open neckline front and back completed her "outfit".&nbsp; After being naked for so long, Jeannie put them all on eagerly. She was lead by her original escort to the cell area. On the way to her cell, she passed another similarly attired inmate in one of the other cells. "I hope I don't look that bad" Jeannie thought to herself upon seeing her.&nbsp; Since the woman was ten years younger she actually looked much better than Jeannie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Once in her cell the escort told her that she had arrived too late for dinner so she would have to wait until morning. With all that was going on, food was the last thing on her mind. The relief of not being in the sergeant's presence was enough for her. This cell was like the one near the courtroom except it contained two cots. Again it had no view facing another solid wall. It did have an outside window, near the top of the cell which was filled with opaque glass reinforced with wire. She could tell it was now dark outside but could not see anything, even the sky.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She lay on the cot emotionally exhausted soon drifting off to sleep. She was awakened by a guard standing outside her cell who had thrown a glass of water on her. The guard explained she had been screaming in her sleep and this is how prisoner's who do so are awakened. She lay there wet and began to tremble. She did not mind being awakened since her dream had been about the sergeant who had begun to beat her physically. Jeannie thought such things would not be allowed but just today she believed that what had already happened to her would not be allowed either.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How could she endure this for eighteen months.&nbsp; A year and a half. She did the math, five hundred and forty five days. So far she had not even completed one day. She wished she had not done the math and she let out a scream. A guard came a minute later and saw she was sitting up and awake. "If I hear any more of that I'll have to do something about it" she warned ominously. Jeannie did not want any more trouble but she felt at her wit's end. She slumped back down onto the cot and sobbed herself to sleep. Exhausted she mercifully slept till morning.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When the sun's light illuminated the window at the top of her cell Jeannie awakened. She looked around and saw she was in a cell and realized this was not a bad dream. She sat up and listened to the noises around her. There were occasional doors opening and closing, footsteps, voices too far off to make out, running water and toilets being flushed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie decided to get up. She took off her dress and camisole and went to the sink to wash up. There was neither a wash cloth, towel nor soap. She ran some water splashed it on her face then put her clothing back on. She wished for a comb and mirror so she could make her hair presentable. She was actually lucky not to have the mirror since her appearance would have shocked her. She used her fingers as a comb to rearrange her hair. Feeling the short hair which the sergeant had cut in the front made her apprehensive again. Next she thought about using the toilet but noticed it had no seat so she decided to wait until it was absolutely necessary.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She sat back down on the cot and waited. For what she did not know. After about a half hour she heard footsteps and watched as a guard passed her cell. She waited some more. She began to feel depressed that watching someone walk past could actually be something to look forward to. She heard footsteps again but this time it was the guard with a tray who stopped at her cell. "Here's breakfast" she announced.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What is it?" Jeannie asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "The same as always" the guard said laughingly as she put the tray down and went out.&nbsp; Jeannie saw the tray contained a bowl of oatmeal with nothing on it, a cup of black coffee, and a spoon. Nothing else. Jeannie had not eaten since breakfast yesterday but then, getting ready for her sentencing she had hardly had anything. Even then she had thrown it up before leaving for court. She saw the fact that she was actually a little hungry as a good sign. Both the oatmeal and the coffee were luke warm but she finished both. It took her quite a while and she was not sure whether she was eating because she was bored or actually hungry.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When she finished she set the tray aside and sat back down on the cot. A little while later she decided to use the toilet. She pulled down her panties and pulled up her dress sitting down on the cold bare fixture. As she was peeing, she again heard footsteps. A male guard walked past carrying an empty tray. He stopped at her cell, unlocked it, came in, retrieved her tray, went out and locked the cell again. While he was there Jeannie struggled to finish up but she was perplexed by the lack of toilet tissue. By the time she stood up and got her clothing straightened he was long since gone.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She sat back down on the bed again startled by this latest incident. He had been totally nonchalant looking at her but not starring. She wondered if the State prison would work the same way. Would she have to become accustomed to being seen naked and with her crotch exposed to total stranger of the opposite sex. She thought that since some of her fellow inmates would be hookers they would have no adjustment problem but for her this would be a big problem.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By about ten in the morning a female guard escorted an African American prisoner into Jeannie's cell and locked them in together. She was in her twenties and her name was Thawanda. She told Jeannie could call her Tee like everyone else did. Tee related that she had been sentenced to three years for narcotics sales which resulted from her sale to an undercover agent.&nbsp; Tee would also be going to the state prison where she had been once before.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While Tee gave Jeannie someone to talk to and relieve her boredom, some of the things she had to say terrified her. Tee explained that at the state prison each cell block had an inmate who was in charge. All of the other inmates had to follow her orders.&nbsp; Unless you won a street fight with the boss, you were relegated to being her subject. The guards knew all that was going on but looked the other way. The bosses actually kept order and except for an occasional challenge things ran more smoothly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While Jeannie had a lot of questions about things like visits, medical treatment, library use she was not anxious to learn about the things that Tee was telling her. Tee told her that she would become little more than a slave for the boss. Bosses did not do any required chores rather "skins" as the subjects were called did both their own and their boss' chores.&nbsp; Jeannie wanted to know how the name skins came about but was afraid to ask. In fact she would find out soon enough.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tee explained that skins also provided a sexual outlet for the boss. "Are you a good pussy eater Honey? Tee asked. "You will be when you complete your eighteen months"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh no" shrieked Jeannie which actually took Tee back a little. Tee had been used to a pretty tough life and took this as part of what came along. "Can't I make the guards stop them?" Jeannie asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "My God no" Tee exclaimed. Now she was startled. "I told you Honey the guards know what's going on and close their eyes to it. If you start making trouble for them and the bosses, you are the one who will be in trouble. The guards can't protect you twenty four hours a day even if they wanted to, which they don't. The bosses will see that you meet with an accident that could still be with you after you get out, if you are alive to get out. Honey this is not a church social you are going to. You just got to go along and keep your mouth shut"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie was afraid to hear more so she tried to change the subject but found she had little in common with Tee. Fortunately lunch was served in a little while so there was a change of pace if not a change in menu. It was a baloney sandwich on white bread with a cup of coffee.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tee and Jeannie sat on their bunks and ate lunch after which Jeannie put her tray on the floor and lay down on her bunk. She had already completed her first day, however thinking back over it depressed her greatly. Soon she dozed off.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She woke up in the late afternoon and she learned more about what to expect when she got to the state prison from Tee. She found she would get a menial job since all the choice ones were taken by those who were there longer. It was three to a cell last time Tee was there but with overcrowding she heard there were some with four. The cells, of course were designed for two so it would be pretty close.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Soon dinner was served. It was a very small piece of tough beef, potatoes, canned peas and coffee. Jeannie only picked at it but Tee asked if she could finish Jeannie's after she had finished her own.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After dinner Jeannie had nothing to do so she got depressed again. She started to sob softly and Tee came over and sat on the cot with her. She put her arm around Jeannie and held her. Jeannie sobbed some more then became quiet. Tee continued to hold her but soon he hand moved on to Jeannie's breast. Jeannie was startled and tried to move away but Tee held her tight. "Just relax Honey" she whispered as she fondled Jeannie's breast.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No" Jeannie shouted as she broke free and jumped up.&nbsp; Once free she bolted towards the door but realized it was locked. Fearing Tee would come after her panic rose. When Tee got up Jeannie backed into a corner but Tee only moved to her own cot.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're still too new but you will change. After a few months you'll be looking for someone to make you feel good" Tee told her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Unable to speak, Jeannie shook her head vigorously then threw herself back down on the cot. She buried her head in the mattress and sobbed herself to sleep.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie awakened the next morning to the sound of Tee using their toilet. She watched her as she finished up and rinsed off her hands, drying them on her skirt. Jeannie realized she had slept in her dress, in fact she had it on since it was issued to her about forty hours ago.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She asked Tee when they would get clean clothes. "Not till you get up state" Tee explained.&nbsp; In response to her next question as to when that would be, Tee just shrugged and told her some time this week. "There will be more to do up there, I hope they take us soon".
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie got up and decided to use the toilet. She pulled down her panties and pulled up her skirt and sat on the fixture. She felt embarrassed with Tee sitting there but realized she would have to get used to it. She shuddered to think of four in a cell. Her foul bowel movement embarrassed her more then she had another problem, the lack of toilet paper. She sat there for a while then got up and pulled up her panties. After she flushed the toilet the odor remained and she realized it was now coming from her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Breakfast was more oatmeal and coffee which was followed by more sitting in the cell. About ten o'clock a guard came in. She said they were moving so she handcuffed and shackled them both. They were then led out and put in a van. One guard drove and another sat in the rear. Tee and Jeannie were in the middle seat.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Enjoy the scenery Honey" Tee told her "This the most you gonna see in the next year" The thought horrified Jeannie and kept her from any enjoyment which she might have felt.&nbsp;&nbsp; After about two hours of riding the driver pulled into a rest stop. The guards got out along with the prisoners. There were about a half dozen cars there and most of the occupants starred at Tee and Jeannie. Even though Jeannie did not know any of them and they did not know her she felt acute shame and embarrassment. The guard took them into the rest room which had three stalls.&nbsp; One guard watched the prisoners while the other used the toilet. When she finished they switched. When it was their turn Tee and Jeannie went into adjoining stalls.&nbsp; The guard stood in front of them and would not let them close the doors. Using a toilet while handcuffed and shackled presented some problems. She just had to keep her hands together while adjusting her clothing. Naturally some other women were in and out while this was going on so Jeannie was again humiliated.&nbsp; The only good thing was that she got to use toilet paper again.&nbsp; However before pulling up her panties she noticed how soiled they were.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Back in the van they drove for another hour. "Here we are" said Tee as they passed a sign proclaiming the Women's State Correctional Institution. They turned down a long road toward a group of buildings. Near the buildings was a double row of cyclone fence with barbed wire on top. The van stopped and the driver spoke to a guard who opened the double gates, When they passed through the gates were closed behind them, The van pulled up to a fairly new administration building and they were taken inside. There was a corridor with some offices and other rooms off to the side. At the end there was another door which they passed through where there were four empty barred cells. Tee was put in one and Jeannie was put in another.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In a few minutes one of the guards who had brought them up along with one of the other guards came in. "The county wants its clothes back" the county guard announced. Tee and Jeannie were unshackled and made to take everything off and put it in a laundry bag. They then had to put their hands through the bars and the guard handcuffed them again. The county guard then left with the bag as did the other. Tee and Jeannie were left alone standing naked facing the bars to which they were handcuffed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie asked Tee if this was usual but Tee had no experience with it. After about an hour Jeannie became tired. She also noticed she had to pee. There was a toilet in the cell but she had no way of reaching it. The thought began to bother her making her have to go more. A guard came by and Jeannie felt relieved. The guard unlocked Tee's handcuffs and took her away. Jeannie told her she had to pee but the guard ignored her. After another half hour she got desperate. After another half hour she felt her bladder would break then she started to pee. It splashed all over the smooth concrete floor puddling up in several spots including under her feet. She stood in her own pee for more than an hour more before another guard came by. The guard began berating her for making a mess.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard left and returned with an inmate carrying a mop and bucket. The guard directed the inmate to mop up Jeannie's pee which she did. When she finished, on the guard's orders, she wet the mop in the dirty water then shoved the mop in Jeannie's face. She then ran the wet mop down Jeannie's chest to her cunt. Moving behind her she dipped it in again and ran it all over Jeannie's back. Handcuffed to the bars Jeannie could only stand there and endure it. The inmate and guard went out again leaving Jeannie standing there wet and humiliated.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie stood there for a few more hours. She lost track of time and the mopping no longer mattered. She realized she had nothing to eat since breakfast and she was famished. Standing for such a long time had made her legs ache but she had no way to relieve them. She was getting tired and desperately wanted to sleep but she could not lie down. Her wrists hurt from being handcuffed so long but she could get no relief. She wished now that she had slept in the van on the way up. She dozed a couple of times but when she fell it hurt her wrists so badly that she endeavored to stay awake.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It would be almost nine the next morning, after she had been standing naked, chained to the bars for more than sixteen hours before she would see another guard. A male guard came in and released her. She was so thankful that she did not care about his sex. It amazed her how what was important changed so much she in such a short time. He told her she could use the toilet which she did while he stood and watched. He then gave her a grey shift, black thigh high hose and canvas scuffs which she put on eagerly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He took her to a mess hall where she got coffee and oatmeal.&nbsp; She was alone in the room except for the guard and the servers who were cleaning up from breakfast. She ate it all quickly but was still hungry.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard then took her to another area for "in&#8209;processing".&nbsp; She first had to strip again and take a shower. When she got out while she was still wet a female guard put on a pair of rubber gloves and gave her a complete body cavity search. Jeannie had to open her mouth as wide as she could while the guard ran her fingers all around the inside of her mouth. When she was satisfied Jeannie had to place her feet three feet apart and place her hands on her head. The guard used one hand to open Jeannie's cunt and two fingers of the other to explore it. She pushed them as far as she could reach moving the other hand to Jeannie's back so she could push further. After feeling everything in reach she finally withdrew it. She dried her hands on Jeannie's thigh before allowing Jeannie to move her feet a little closer together. This was so she would not lose her balance as she was made to bend over. Jeannie jumped as she felt the guard's finger touch the sensitive area around her ass hole. Then the finger forced it way in and felt all around. The feeling of humiliation overwhelmed Jeannie and she started to tremble. After another minute the search was completed. "You'll get used to it Sister" was the guard's only reaction.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While she was still wet and naked they cut her hair.&nbsp; Another inmate used a scissors to cut it all around at about ear level. She then took a clippers to the back of her neck taking everything off at first tapering it to about an inch long where it met the part she cut. Fortunately for Jeannie there were no mirrors.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After Jeannie dried off and put on the same shift, stockings and scuffs she was taken for a medical exam. An inmate took a detailed medical history which included such questions as when she lost her virginity and to whom. When it was completed she stripped again.&nbsp; A doctor listened to her with a stethoscope, felt her breasts taking more time than Jeannie had experienced in any other exam. She then had to get up on a table and put her feet in the stirrups. She thought she had just been through this but her cunt was examined again. This time the doctor used some instruments to open her cunt. One stretched and held it open mechanically. He opened it about as far as Jeannie could tolerate it. He felt around inside then got a forceps. He used them to grasp the tip of her clitoris which he pulled until Jeannie cried out. He then ordered two inmates to hold Jeannie down while he grasped it and pulled it again. When she began to cry out a towel was shoved in her mouth to keep her quiet. The pulling and squeezing continued for several more minutes before the doctor left. Jeannie was then allowed to get up and dress.&nbsp; When she stood the pain she still felt left her bent over. The guard came and took her back to the cells where she had spent the last evening.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Once in the cell he explained that since she was a new inmate she would have to spend a week in quarantine before joining the general population. He then gave her a book of regulations with which she was to familiarize herself before joining the population. Having nothing else to do she opened it to the first page which reminded her "The Court has determined that you are not fit to remain in a free society. While you are in the State Correctional Institution you will abide by all of the following policies" Jeannie closed the book and began to sob softly. The accumulation of experience which she had endured was more than she could bear right now. Not having slept last night she lay on the cot and cried herself to sleep.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was awakened about one in the afternoon by a guard coming into her cell. Once again she was taken to the mess hall where she dined alone on a cheese sandwich with coffee.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Back in her cell after her lunch she again looked at the book. It explained that her day would begin with a 6:30 A.M. bell which was the signal for the kitchen detail to get up. At a 7:00 A.M. bell the kitchen detail would form outside their cells then march to the kitchen. It warned that anyone outside of their cell who was not part of a formation would be "subject to summary disciplinary action". It would be the first of many times that ominous phrase was used in the book. It described how all other inmates would form up outside their cells at the 8:00 A.M. bell then march to the mess hall for breakfast. After breakfast they would march back and be locked back in. Inmates with work assignments, would form up at the 9:00 A.M. bell and march to their detail. The remaining inmates would be allowed out of their cells at the 10:00 A.M.&nbsp; bell but would have to return at the 11:30 A.M. bell. At the 12:00 noon bell all inmates would line up outside of their cells for lunch. They would march to the mess hall for lunch and return at 1:00 P.M. for lock up. At 2:00 P.M. until 4:30 inmates would be allowed out of their cells again. Depending on the schedule they could spend one hour outside, one hour in activities and a half hour outside the cell in the cell block. Five to six was dinner and seven to eight thirty was free time in the cell block. Nine thirty was lights out. Each cell block had a TV. The show being watched would depend on a majority vote. In case of tie the prisoner with the longest time in the institution would choose. Any inmate taking education courses would be excused at the appropriate times.&nbsp; Course selection would be decided by seniority.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Visitors would be allowed for up to one hour every two weeks.&nbsp; Initially visiting would take place in the visiting booths, by telephone facing each other through a glass.&nbsp; Inmates were cautioned that their conversations were subject to being monitored. No visitors would be allowed unless they were on the authorized list. Each inmate could list up to six possible visitors, No former felons or co&#8209; conspirators could be listed. All visitors were subject to a background investigation before they would be permitted to come. After privileges were earned visits would be extended to two hours and occur in the visiting room and picnic area. Before entering the picnic area, visitors would be subject to being searched. Jeannie wondered who she should name and how some of her friends, who she wanted to see, would take to being searched. She wondered what the search would be and how it would compare to those which she had experienced, All this depressed Jeannie so she put the book down and napped again. This time she awoke screaming from a nightmare.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Later when she read some more, she learned how the schedule would be the same every day except Sunday when church was substituted for the morning free time. Showers would be taken every two weeks limited to fifteen minutes. From experience she would learn that the shower detail would be issued towels in their cells then marched naked to the community shower room. After drying themselves they would leave the towels and march naked back to their cells.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The handbook also told her that on the command "Spread" an inmate must stand three feet away from and face the nearest wall.&nbsp; She must spread her feet at least two and a half feet apart and raise her hands above her head. She must the lean against the wall holding herself up with her hands. She can expect to be searched but must remain in that position until the command "resume". The book explained that inmates were permitted some personal articles such as sweaters and pictures which visitors could bring them from home.&nbsp; All personal articles would be inspected and clothing was subject to cleaning before they were given to inmates.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On her third day in quarantine, a guard came to her cell and took her to the library. She was allowed to select three books which she could read during her stay in quarantine. This went a long way to relieving her boredom and improving her moral, even if the selection at the library was not up to her taste.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That afternoon, while she was reading, a guard and an inmate came to her cell at two P.M.&nbsp; They told her she had been scheduled for a "cleansing".&nbsp; The guard then made her strip nude. They threw her clothes on the bed and handcuffed her wrists behind her.&nbsp; Jeannie was very apprehensive causing her to tremble.&nbsp; The inmate inserted the nozzle of a douche bag into her cunt, attaching the other end of the hose to a faucet.&nbsp; The guard turned on the cold water full force. The cold water filling her vaginal cavity made her cry out. The water kept flowing until Jeannie felt she would burst. Instead she let go forcing both the water and the hose from her. The water splashed all over the floor before the guard turned it off.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "That is a summary disciplinary offense" the guard told her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm sorry, I couldn't help it" Jeannie began.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Shut up" the guard cut her off. "Get down on your knees, there" she ordered pointing to a spot in the middle of the puddle. Jeannie quickly knelt in the cold water. The guard told the inmate to get a mop which caused her to scurry off.&nbsp; When she got back the guard made her mop the water up and run the dirty mop over Jeannie. The inmate was not happy with her job but made the best of it by pushing the wet mop in Jeannie's face, between her breasts and running it up and down her torso.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's enough" said the guard even though there were still puddles on the cell floor which was wet all over. Jeannie was allowed to get up and the handcuffs were removed. She was allowed to put on her shif and stockings but her scuffs were taken from her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie remained in her wet cell until dinner. The floor was wet and every time she put her foot on it her foot got wet also. There were no towels in the cell so she could not dry them off. When she took her wet feet off the floor and put them on the bed, they dampened it also. She longed once again for her slippers valuing that the first personal article from home she would get would be a pair of her slippers.&nbsp; That evening she was taken in her stockinged feet to the mess hall for dinner then back to her wet cell for the rest of the night.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next day Jeannie was marched back to the reception area again. She had to strip and raise her hands while someone shaved her underarms. Then they ran an electric clippers between her legs taking all the hair off her cunt. Her cunt was then shaved before she was allowed to dress again. Her cell had dried when she got back and her scuffs were returned to her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The following day about two in the afternoon the guard and inmate appeared again. They made Jeannie remove her shiff and scuffs, leaving her with nothing on but her stockings.&nbsp; Then she was made to bend over and grasp her ankles.&nbsp; When she did the inmate began to insert an enema hose into her rectum. When she finished, Jeannie was made to stand and her hands were handcuffed in front of her. Meanwhile the inmate ran the water in the sink until it was very hot.&nbsp; Then she attached the other end of the hose to the faucet.&nbsp; The guard turned it on full force forcing the hot water into Jeannie's rectum.&nbsp; "You better hold it until I tell you" the guard admonished.&nbsp; Jeannie felt the hot pressure in her bowels as the water kept flowing in. Soon the guard stopped and mercifully the hose was removed. Jeannie was taken over and re&#8209;handcuffed to the cell bars. Then her visitors left.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie stood there as the pressure built up in her bowels, but the pressure soon became more than she could bear. She knew she could not hold it much longer so she cried out for help.&nbsp; There was no response so inevitably the foul smelly liquid gushed from her on to the floor. It ran down her stockings leaving her standing in it. The odor and wetness of her feet disgusted her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie stood there for two hours before the guard returned again. She began to shout and berate Jeannie for making a mess. She left her standing there but returned with an inmate with a mop. Once again the exercise was to mop the foul smelling water from the floor on to Jeannie.&nbsp; Handcuffed to the bars, Jeannie could not resist as she ran the wet mop down her back, over her breasts and finally in her face. Next the inmate used Jeannie's shift to wipe up some of the water but not that under her feet. They left Jeannie again to stand in the still wet floor until dinner time.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When the guard returned she released Jeannie, allowing her to put on the still damp and foul smelling shift, but not her scuffs.&nbsp; Jeannie was taken for her evening meal to the mess hall but she had trouble eating because she smelled so bad.&nbsp; When she returned to her cell there was still a big wet smelly area on the floor. She took off her shift and stockings and washed them, without soap in the sink. She wrung them out and hung them from the bars to dry. She also washed herself but since there was no towel, she lay down to sleep still damp and naked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While she was cold and the cell still smelled she at least felt a little better so she soon drifted off to sleep. The next morning, when she awoke, she found someone had removed her shift and stockings from the bars during the night. She noticed that the cell floor had dried but some of the small solid matter remained. A male guard came to her cell to return her scuffs but nothing else. She stood there modestly with one hand over her breasts and the other over her naked shaved cunt. asking about her other clothing but she received no reply. He left and a female guard returned who took her to breakfast wearing only her scuffs. Jeannie would spend the remainder of her quarantine that way.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie survived the remainder of her week in quarantine.&nbsp; She both looked forward to and dreaded going into the general population.&nbsp; On the last day of her quarantine she was issued clothing and bedding.&nbsp; All bore the number 74921 stenciled on them. Her uniform also had "Stevens J." stenciled on the front. The uniform was a bright orange denim like dress which came to the knees, with short sleeves, and a square neckline. She had a white camisole and pair of white panties each stenciled with 74921. After several days of nakedness she put them on eagerly. She received a new pair of opaque black thigh high stockings which were extremely heavy.&nbsp; They were a combination of materials mostly Orlon with some nylon.&nbsp; Her shoes were black skimmer flats made of a man made material which had no heels.&nbsp; The soles were perfectly flat but did have tips of a tough composition material on the toe and heel. After walking in these for a year and a half Jeannie would do a lot of stumbling when she got out and again wore shoes with heels. She also got a white cotton nightdress stenciled with 74921 across the chest. Her pillow, pillow slip, sheet and blanket were all similarly stenciled.&nbsp; There would be another stenciled orange jump suit which she would wear when everything she had was in the laundry but that would be given to her when her laundry was collected.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Carrying her bedding Jeannie was led to her new cell. It was early in the morning so the other inmates were still locked up. Some of them whistled at Jeannie as she was lead past making her nervous and uncomfortable.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Here's fresh meat" the guard said by way of introducing Jeannie as she showed her into the cell and locked the door behind her. The cell seemed quite small with bunk beds along one side wall and a cot on the other. In the front there was a small table or desk and one chair. In the back there were some shelves in the middle with a toilet on one side and a sink on the other. This would be home for the next year and a half. Jeannie's cell mates were Ann, a middle aged white woman serving twenty years for manslaughter having killed her husband in a fight, and DeeDee a young black woman serving five years for armed robbery. Dee had sat in the car while her boy friend robbed a convenience store and shot the clerk. Fortunately the clerk lived so Dee only got five years. Dee had already served six months and Ann had served seven years. They explained to Jeannie that the cot would be hers.&nbsp; She found out that because the cells had only one chair everyone sat on the cot so she would only be able to sleep on it at night.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie's life began to follow the routine in the book.&nbsp; Up at after six thirty, march to breakfast at eight. Back in the cell block then locked up again for a half hour before lunch. March to lunch, back in the cell block, march outside to the yard, locked back in the cell, march to dinner, back in the cell block, then lock up for the night.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; During her first three days she had learned that Carmella a large Italian woman serving life for murder was the boss of the cell block.&nbsp; Carmella had been pointed out to her but she had not had any dealings with her. One Jeannie's third day during free time Carmella came into their cell. Ann and Dee both stood up as she entered.&nbsp; Jeannie, who&nbsp; had been lying on her cot, thought it strange so she got up too.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who's dis?" Carmella asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Her name's Jeannie Stevens, eighteen months for assault" Ann explained.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Show respect Stevens" Carmella said. Jeannie just stood there.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Kiss her feet" Ann advised. Jeannie was not sure why but she figured she better go along so she fell to her knees and kissed Carmella's black flats.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You too" Carmella said motioning to the other two.&nbsp; First Ann then Dee repeated the ritual.&nbsp; "Now you again" she said to Jeannie. After Jeannie kissed them again Carmella raised her skirt. She was not wearing panties and Jeannie was eye level with her naked but unshaved cunt. "Now here" said Carmella. Jeannie had never done anything like that but she placed a kiss on the hairy cunt.&nbsp; "Is she a virgin" Carmella asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes Boss. we haven't touched her" Ann assured her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Good" Carmella responded.&nbsp; "You like eating pussy" she asked Jeannie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, I've, I've never done it" Jeannie stammered.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Then how you know you no like" Carmella said causing the others to laugh far more than the remark required. "She's a real virgin" Carmella observed causing the laughter again.&nbsp; "I send Debbie over here tonight. Take your place, you sleep with me" Carmella said as she turned and left.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That evening fifteen minutes before lockup Debbie came to their cell. She took Jeannie to Carmella's cell then returned to take her place. After they were locked in Jeannie was made to put on the nightdress with Debbie's number 84092 stenciled on it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When the lights were turned off Carmella told her "Now get in bed with me". Jeannie obeyed and Carmella immediately pulled up the skirt of her nightdress. "Now get to work" she ordered lying back and spreading her legs. Jeannie moved her hand to Carmella's pussy and began to stroke it. She ran her hand up to her breasts fondling them also. After a few more minutes Carmella said "Eat me" and pulled Jeannie by the hair until her face was in her crotch. Jeannie stuck her tongue into Carmella's lips running it around. For the next ten minutes Carmella held Jeannie by the ears guiding her mouth up and down her cunt. Jeannie was nervous and repulsed by her actions but she did not dare stop. Carmella's cunt finally became juicy as Jeannie kept exploring it with her tongue. Finally Carmella came and pushed Jeannie away. Jeannie her face wet from the other woman's excitement crawled back to the cot in the cell. As she thought about what she had done she became more and more depressed. She was awake for half the night before she could get any sleep.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In the morning Carmella took her back to her own cell.&nbsp; When she saw Ann she said "She's lousy pussy eater. Give her practice. I try her again next month." To Dee she said " Since she no good you stay with me tonight "
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next three nights Jeannie was made to sleep with Ann who made her eat her each night. While she did Ann worked on her technique, telling her what to do with her hands and when to go faster and when to go slower. Debbie was their temporary cell mate these nights while Dee was with Carmella.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie was very excited the next Saturday since she learned that her visitors had been approved and it was her first visitor's day. After Tee, Ann, Dee and Carmella she looked forward to seeing one of her real friends. At ten thirty she was summoned to the visitors room where the guard told her that her visit would be limited to thirty minutes. As soon as she got into the room she saw her good friend Julia.&nbsp; Julia however was taken back when she saw Jeannie. She expected the uniform but Jeannie's appearance from the lack of make&#8209;up and the way in which her hair had simply been cut without any styling startled her.&nbsp; She tried to force a smile but Jeannie had seen the initial shock which had registered on her face.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The visit was a disaster with Julia telling her about her trip to France which only made Jeannie feel worse. When Julia asked Jeannie how she was getting along Jeannie started crying. She could not begin to tell her all that had happened to her so she just explained how she was living two others in a cell which had a toilet but no privacy. Even this shocked Julia since it was not even something she had thought about.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Julia did promise to come again and to get some of Jeannie's other friends to come.&nbsp; Secretly she knew that a couple Jeannie women who Jeannie asked about would enjoy seeing Jeannie in this predicament.&nbsp; Julia would have to think who Jeannie's real friends were and encourage them to come. Julia promised to get Jeannie's blue cardigan sweater and black brocade slippers and send them to her. Jeannie was happy with the prospect of having a couple of her own things especially the slippers. It would be a little bit of civilization in this hell hole.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On her way home Julia reflected on badly Jeannie must be taking it.&nbsp; She herself was uncomfortable just being in the waiting room with the other visitors.&nbsp; There seemed to be no other visitors with any refinement so she wondered what the inmates they were visiting must be like. Julia decided she could not make a regular practice of visiting Jeannie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When Dee got back from Carmella's she was very hostile toward Jeannie almost blaming her for having to go there. A day or two later just before morning lock up at 11:30 a.m. Dee shoved Jeannie outside the cell door just as it was closing.&nbsp; Jeannie tried to get back in but the door was already locked.&nbsp; Since she was supposed to be in the cell a guard caught her.&nbsp; She manually locked her back in the cell telling her that she would have to report with the disciplinary detail that evening.&nbsp; Jeannie's explanation that she was shoved fell on deaf ears.&nbsp; When she asked Dee why she had done it Dee just shrugged.&nbsp; Jeannie worried the rest of the day about the punishment detail. She was so nervous she was unable to eat anything the rest of the day.&nbsp; That evening a guard marched two other prisoners up to Jeannie's cell. The prisoners were wearing only their panties and camisoles; no uniforms, shoes or stockings. Their hands were handcuffed behind them and their ankles were shackled.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stevens, get your stuff off and get out here" the guard ordered.&nbsp; Jeannie quickly stripped to her under things and got in line.&nbsp; The guard handcuffed her wrists behind her and shackled her ankles.&nbsp; She was marched off with the others, the chains from their ankles rattling as they dragged against the floor.&nbsp; First they were taken outside where they were stripped nude and re&#8209;shackled.&nbsp; It was a cool evening, the kind where a sweater would feel good but they were made to stand there totally naked. They were placed at various points around the yard, each with her back to the others so they could not see each other or hear exactly what was going on with the others.&nbsp; Jeannie could hear raised voices but not make them out. She did hear someone cry out.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After about a half hour of standing in the cold, Jeannie had become quite cold. Since she was handcuffed she could not rub herself to get any relief. She just stood there shivering. Finally a guard approached her. She just stood there watching Jeannie shiver. "Show some respect, kiss my feet" she ordered. Jeannie dropped to her knees, bent over and kissed the sturdy oxfords of the guard. "Get up" the guard ordered so Jeannie struggled to her feet. The guard came forward placing her hand on Jeannie's breast. "Now I know what 'cold as a witch's tit' means" she chuckled on feeling Jeannie's chilled breast. While it repulsed her the warmth of the guard's hand felt good. The guard ran her hand over Jeannie's breast then over the other one. Then she moved it down over her belly onto her shaved crotch. "Spread your legs and bend your knees" she ordered. Jeannie spread her legs as wide as the leg irons would allow. The guard moved her hand over Jeannie's cunt then she forced her fingers inside. "When was the last time you were fucked?" she asked. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie responded "You have no right to ask that" causing the guard to slap Jeannie's face with her free hand while her other remained in Jeannie's cunt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No you have no rights" the guard said "Now tell me the last time you got fucked" Jeannie would be slapped three more time before she told her it was a month before she was put away. Keeping her hand in Jeannie's cunt the guard then made her tell her that it was a friend named Ralph who had fucked her. She was forced to describe the size of his cock, tell her how it compared to others she had seen, tell how many men she slept with and how often she slept with them.&nbsp; Any time Jeannie showed reluctance to answer any question her face was slapped again.&nbsp; Jeannie was made to describe the last session with Ralph telling everything he did in intimate detail, being interrogated for more that fifteen minutes. By the time she finished she was sobbing.&nbsp; "Slut" the guard said as she walked away leaving Jeannie shivering and sobbing.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After two hours in the cold night air, the prisoners were taken back inside. They were taken to the gym where their handcuffs were removed. Each was given a three foot length of rubber hose. A guard explained that they could win their freedom and return to the cell by winning a contest. All they had to do was get one of the others to give up and agree to sign a paper. Jeannie asked what the paper was but she was told that she would not find out until after she signed it.&nbsp; Jeannie thought it could be a confession, and IOU, a waiver of rights, a letter threatening the warden, almost anything.&nbsp; "When I blow the whistle you can start swinging" the guard explained. With that she blew the whistle and both inmates began to swing at Jeannie. She was struck on the head the breasts, the neck, the side, all over. With their legs shackled they could not run so they just stood there swinging at each other. Jeannie tried and got in a few blows on the others but was no match for them. After several hits in the face her mouth was bleeding and her face was puffy. A shot in the eye caused her to drop her hose and put her hands to her face. The others moved in for the kill and began to beat her viciously. Jeannie cried out that she was giving up.&nbsp; The guard then took her to another room where she signed a document which she was not allowed to read. The document was taken from her when she signed it.&nbsp; Jeannie was then taken back to the gym from which the other two had now gone.&nbsp; Some manacles on chains were lowered from the ceiling and fastened to her wrists.&nbsp; They were pulled back up until her hands were raised over her head. The guard then inserted a device into her cunt. She turned some handles on it causing it to spread Jeannie's cunt wide open. She kept turning it, opening it wider, until Jeannie was crying out in pain. Finally she stopped but the pain did not. "Ralphie would fall right out again if he tried to fuck you now" the guard chided her. Then she pulled the chains some more. Soon Jeannie was on her tip toes however as the guard kept pulling the chains, her feet soon swung freely as she hung by her shackled wrists. The handcuffs hurt her wrists terribly as she hung there.&nbsp; Mercifully her arms soon became numb and lost all feeling.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When the six thirty bell rang in the morning she was taken down. She was given back her underwear and marched back to her cell. She collapsed on the bed. Her face was swollen with one eye closed. Her whole body was a mass of bruises but her wrists had dark purple, almost black, rings around them. At five of eight Ann told her she better get dressed for breakfast or she would find herself on the punishment detail again. It took most of her effort to get dressed and march to breakfast. Fortunately she did not have a job so she was able to sleep most of the day. It would take almost three weeks before the bruises would be gone. From then on when ever it was time to be locked in, Jeannie was always in her cell early and stood near the rear wall as the doors were about to close.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For the next several months her life was uneventful.&nbsp; She did not have a job, since they went to inmates with more seniority because there was pay but more importantly it made life less boring.&nbsp; Jeannie mostly spent her time reading but the library was not that good. She also began an exercise program which was something a great many inmates did.&nbsp; She also had to do chores in the cell block, mopping the floors, cleaning the sink and toilet, etc.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Each Tuesday night was bath night for Jeannie. At eight P.M. the bath detail to which she had been assigned formed up. A guard started at one end of the cell block where the first member of the detail stripped nude and waited. The guard gave her a towel and marched her to the cell of the second. That continued until all twelve had been assembled after which they were marched to the shower room. Before entering the shower room one inmate ran a clippers up the sides of their hair after which a second trimmed the top with a scissors. Next they were inspected for body hair by another inmate who shaved them where necessary.&nbsp; After their "beauty treatment" they entered the showers four at a time where they showered for five minutes. After they dried off the towels were collected and they were marched back to their cells naked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Since someone was going through this ritual ever night of the week no one paid much attention to it. While Jeannie felt self&#8209;conscious the first few times she did it she soon became accustomed to marching off nude with her towel once a week for her shower as well as being inspected and having her cunt shaved when it needed it.&nbsp; It was surprising the things to which she no longer objected in such a short time.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One evening Jeannie was summoned to the guard's lounge. It was a place where the guards who were not on duty watched TV, drank coffee and socialized. Jeannie could not imagine why she was being summoned there. When she got there she was told that the guards liked being waited upon and she was the servant that evening. For a half hour she served coffee and washed up the cups. On the change of shifts another group of guards came in. After she served them one guard told her that her feet were tired from standing all day.&nbsp; Seated in a chair, she ordered Jeannie to her knees and made her kiss her feet. Then she made Jeannie remove her shoes and kiss her feet again. Jeannie then had to rub and massage them for five minutes. "Get my slippers from that locker and put them on me" she ordered. When Jeannie opened the locker she found a pair of black brocade slippers which looked like the ones she had asked Julia to send her.&nbsp; Looking inside them she saw the familiar embroidered monogram "J.S.".&nbsp; Since the guard wore a name tag which read "Kurtheim" she knew these were hers and understood why she was the servant tonight. The guard made kiss her feet again before and after she placed the slippers on her feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you like my slippers?' the guard asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie thought it best to simply reply with a "Yes".
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As she looked around she also noticed a guard wearing a blue cardigan sweater which also looked like the one she had asked Julia to send.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Two weeks later Jeannie was summoned to the Administrative office where she was told she had received a package.&nbsp; They gave her sweater which she was happy to see. She also thought that even though the guards had tried them out she would be glad to have some of her own things. When they handed her the slippers she was shocked. The upper part of each slipper had a series of razor blade cuts running from the toe all the way to the heel or from toe to the opening on top.&nbsp; The padding inside had been pulled apart and was sticking through the cuts.&nbsp; The soles also had about five cuts each which went all the way through the insoles and ran all the way from the toe to the heel. Wearing them would be no better than being barefoot. All items going to prisoners had to be thoroughly inspected for contraband the guard explained.&nbsp; Similarly all clothing will be thoroughly washed. Jeannie realized this when she tried on her wool sweater which the prison had washed in extremely hot water.&nbsp; The sweater had shrunk so much that it was no longer wearable.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Back in her cell Jeannie experienced a real let down making her realize how much she had been looking forward to having a few of her own things again. In spite of all that had happened to her she was still quite vulnerable.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Life continued much the same for months. Jeannie again had visitors but they were few. Marni , a woman with whom she had not been too close, turned out to be her most faithful and frequent visitor. She was kind enough to look in on Jeannie's house to see that it was all right. They gossiped about what was happening to mutual friends and talked about plans for what to do when Jeannie got out rather than what Marni was doing which only would have made Jeannie feel bad. However, even though Marni offered Jeannie did not ask for any more of her own possessions after her last experience.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After about three months Carmella made Jeannie sleep with her again. This time she followed Ann's directions which resulted in her being kept in Carmella's cell for a week. Each morning she awakened sickened at herself but continued to obey Carmella's demands to insure her own safety.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One afternoon another inmate snatched a magazine which Jeannie was reading right out of her hands. This angered Jeannie who grabbed it back. A hair pulling punch up ensued which caused a guard to break it up. Jeannie once again found herself waiting for the punishment detail that evening. This time the guard arrived followed by two totally nude prisoners, one of whom was the other party to the fight.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Take it all off Stevens and get in line" the guard ordered, "be quick about it too". Jeannie quickly stripped leaving her clothing on the bed and got in line. The guard shackled and handcuffed her like the others and they were marched off. This time they were marched to the communal shower room.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In the shower room the guard produced six hoses. The prisoners were ordered to bend over and spread their feet as wide as the leg irons would allow. The guard first fed the hose into a plastic strap then, without the benefit of lubrication, forced it up Jeannie's ass. When she had repeated the process with the other two, the prisoners were allowed to straighten up. The guard fed three more hoses thru the same straps about six inches away from first. These were then shoved into the prisoners cunts. A belt was placed on each prisoner to which the plastic strap was fastened in both the front and rear. This would effectively hold the hoses in place. Each prisoner was marched into the shower dragging the hoses behind her. A pipe ran overhead a little over seven feet above the floor. Jeannie's handcuffs were removed so she could raise her arms as high as she could. She was then re&#8209; handcuffed over the pipe. Jeannie was not too tall and had to stand on tip toes in order for the guard to get the handcuffs back on. When she did Jeannie could relax a little but still her heels would not touch the floor.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie had been shackled between the other two so that she looked at the back of one who was facing the far wall while the other was behind her. When all three were shackled Jeannie heard something going on behind her but could not see. Soon the guard came over to Jeannie and began fondling her beasts. Jeannie was helpless to resist.&nbsp; The guard kept it up until both of Jeannie's nipples were hard before turning her attention to the other prisoner.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The shower room was sunken below the floor about two feet and you had to go down steps to enter. The guard covered the drain with a round rubber disk to act as a stopper, then left the shower room taking the other ends of the six hoses with her. Jeannie and the other two stood there without moving or talking. They sensed what would take place but knew they were powerless to resist it. After about ten minutes of standing Jeannie felt a surge of water enter her rectum and cunt. She noticed the prisoner in front of her stiffen at the same time. It kept up and soon the pressure from the simultaneous enema and douche was more than Jeannie could bear. She began to expel the water filling her body cavities, causing it to pour out onto the floor. The strap kept her from expelling the hose which continued to pump water into her. The water puddled at her feet. Soon she saw brown water pouring from the ass of the woman in front of her which flowed onto the floor also.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All of a sudden the pressure increased and even though it was flowing out Jeannie's bowels and vagina could not seem to expel it fast enough. It caused a painful cramping in her gut making her cry out. Soon the others were crying out in pain but the flow of water did not subsist. The water had started to back up covering Jeannie's feet. After about ten minutes when the water was ankle deep the flow was stopped. The three prisoners continued to spew the water forth for another couple of minutes. Having the hoses in place kept them from voiding easily.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They stood half hanging in the water for almost an hour.&nbsp; The water was not clean and smelled. It did not help that small brown turds floated in it. Jeannie's hands were getting numb but there was no way to relieve them. She felt stretched and the water had become cold making her feet cold also. The punishment had started a little before lights out and Jeannie was also getting tired.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Suddenly, without warning, the water started to flow in again. This time Jeannie forced herself to start to expel it as soon as she recovered from the shock of it starting again. This time the pressure was very strong from the start.&nbsp; In a moment she had another problem, the water was getting very warm. In no time it was extremely hot making the three scream as it ran over the sensitive membranes inside their bodies. There were frantic since they were powerless to do anything but endure it. Finally it became less hot but still continued to gush in, and out, of their bodies. This time when the water was half way up Jeannie calf it stopped.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Once again their ordeal was followed by a long period of standing in the now calf deep water. Even though the new water had been hot when it went in it cooled quickly. Jeannie's legs also began to cramp from standing in one place for almost two hours. The leg irons prevented moving them much to exercise and relieve them.&nbsp; Jennie's feet also began to cramp. She could not put her heel on the floor so her arches had begun to ache. She could raise one foot off the floor and curl her toes to try to get some relief. At least standing in water was not quite as bad as just standing. After about an hour the three were once again cold and tired. Sleep in this position was near impossible. Beside they knew that their ordeal with the douche and enema was not over. At least as more water came in the water they stood in became less dirty looking.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Again without warning the flow started up again. It was tepid at first but soon became ice cold. The pressure was the worst but the temperature made Jeannie colder. The ordeal kept up until they were standing in knee deep water.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was now very late in the night. They were all cold and tired. Jeannie had gooseflesh and noticed the woman in front of her shivering. At least the water could not get any higher since it was up to the top of the steps. Any more would run on to the shower room floor which also had a drain in it.&nbsp; As she considered her predicament, Jeannie recalled she was enduring all this for a magazine. She cursed her stupidity and temper. Then she remembered that her temper was the reason she was here in the first place.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie and her companions would stay there until six in the morning, about eight hours. The water would be turned on four more times but at least none would be hot as the second time. They actually got some sleep but by morning they were exhausted.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At six a guard waring hip boots came into the shower area. To add insult to injury she began to fondle Jeannie tits again. She kept it up for a long time until she could get the exhausted woman nipples firm before moving to another prisoner.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie heard what sounded like the woman behind her being released which was followed by a great commotion. The woman behind was the one who had taken the magazine causing Jeannie to think she may be fighting with the guard. There was splashing then coughing and choking after which the left.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In a few minutes the guard returned. She stood in front of Jeannie then took the belt off of her. Jeannie was relieved when she pulled the hoses out and took them from the room. When she came back Jeannie had to get back on her tip toes so that she could get the handcuffs off. It felt so good to lower her arms but the relief was short lived as her wrists were manacled behind her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard then began to lead Jeannie toward the steps when she tripped her making her fall face forward into the water. With her hands handcuffed behind her back Jeannie could not break her fall and went all the way to the bottom. Jeannie immediately tried to get to her knees but the guard's boot pinned her head to the bottom of the shower. Jeannie had been so startled when she tripped she hardly had time to take a breath and soon was desperate for air. She struggled to get free but with her hands and feet shackled she could not get out from under the guard's boot. Finally desperately her lungs could hold out no longer causing her to breath in the water and begin to drown.&nbsp; Her body twitched as the water came in her mouth and nose.&nbsp; The guard immediately pulled her up by the hair and she coughed and choked as soon as her head came out of the water.&nbsp; The guard pulled her to her feet and led her up the steps into the shower room. Jeannie stood there shackled next to her nemesis coughing and spitting until she could finally breath normally again.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two prisoners stood there for about five minutes waiting while the third experienced the same ordeal. Finally she was brought out coughing and choking. Expecting to go back to their cells the guard had one more surprise for them. She explained the someone had to go back in and remove the stopper to drain the shower. She asked for a volunteer but when she got none she said there would be a contest to select the one to do it. She stood the three facing each other in a circle. She told them to piss and the last one to do so would be one to go back. Jeannie strained and tried hard but with all that had happened to her cunt that night nothing was coming out. Jeannie stood there staring at the cunts of her rivals seeing first one pee then the other. Another guard took the other two out of the room while Jeannie remained with the guard wearing the boots.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "OK go back in there and bring me the stopper" she ordered. Still shackled Jeannie went back down the steps into the shower area. The leg irons tripped her on the steps causing her to fall once again into the water. Without her hands catch her it was a nasty fall but at least the water broke her fall. She quickly struggled to her feet, thankful that the guard had stayed outside. "You must have enjoyed your earlier swim. You just can't get enough of that water" she called from outside the shower. Jeannie went over to the disk then got down on her knees in order to reach the disk with her handcuffed hands. In the cold dirty water up to her tits, she reached around until she picked up the disk. The water began to run out as she carried it back to the guard.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When the water had drained the guard pointed out some dirty solid matter on the floor of the shower. Jeannie's hands were un-cuffed so she could scoop and scrape it up with her hands in order to carry it over to a toilet outside the shower area. Jeannie was re&#8209;handcuffed and taken back to her cell still dripping wet where her cell mates greeted her by telling her "You stink".&nbsp; She spent a half hour at the sink with a wash cloth trying to clean up. She then dried herself as best she could on the cell hand towel before hurrying to dress in time to march to breakfast.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Almost immediately Jeannie had learned that she wouldonly have to serve two thirds of her sentence if she got time off for good behavior. Thus instead of a year and a half she would serve only a year. Like most prisoners, when she hit six months she started looking forward&nbsp; to release if not actually counting. It seemed however at the nine month time she fell into depression.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At this time she was in the library looking for something new to read. A short young brunette prisoner was also there. She saw the new prisoner select a book which Jeannie had read which caused them to get into a conversation. Jeannie learned the other was Roberta who was serving three years for larceny. Roberta had worked in a bank when she had gotten into financial trouble. She was not terribly sophisticated so she was easily caught after taking some of the bank's cash.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Less than a month into her sentence, Roberta was having a great deal of difficulty adapting to prison life. She had been a shy sensitive girl so that experiences such as Jeannie had had were difficult on her. Jeannie who was at least twenty years older than Roberta immediately felt a sense of pity. Jeannie put her arms around Roberta who soon wept softly in her arms. They met again the next day and soon the two began to meet regularly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie soon found herself looking forward to the meetings and after one she kissed Roberta softly on the lips. A few days later they met in the exercise yard where they walked hand in hand. In less than a month they would meet during morning and afternoon free time where they would sit in each others arms. Jeannie's instincts took over so that in no time Jeannie was running her hands over Roberta's breasts and rubbing her cunt. It seemed very natural so that they next sought to sleep together. They began planning to spend a night together.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Roberta's cell mate Andrea agreed to sleep in Jeannie's cell so Jeannie and Roberta could sleep together.&nbsp; In addition to her experience with Carmella, Jeannie had seen such switches numerous times with others in her stay there. After changing into their nightgowns, Jeannie and Andrea switched cells on the night in question.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As soon as the lights were out Jeannie climbed into Roberta's bed. They kissed and Jeannie began to run her hands over Roberta's soft body.&nbsp; Once Roberta's nipples were hard Jeannie began to rub her cunt. She pulled up Roberta's nightgown and began to suck her nipples. Roberta moaned with pleasure as Jeannie slipped her and between Roberta's legs to rub her now moist cunt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All of a sudden a bright light shown on them. A guard holding a flashlight asked what was going on. The three inmates in the cell were made to get out of their beds and stand facing the bars. The guard checked their numbers against the official roster to get their names. Jeannie had forgotten to change nightgown with Andrea so her number was not listed to be in this cell. The guard then went to Jeannie's cell where Andrea was discovered to be. The guards marched Jeannie and Andrea back to their proper cells.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie cursed her stupidity for not remembering to switch nightgowns but it really didn't matter. While Jeannie had seen many cell switches, what she did not know was they all had been approved by the boss. Because Jeannie and Roberta had not received and paid for Carmella's permission, they had been turned in.&nbsp; They, along with Andrea were told they would be punished the next evening.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next day Jeannie was nervous. Thinking about her last punishment made her throw up her lunch. When she met Roberta that afternoon, Roberta too was worried. She had not been there long enough to have seen any punishment detail being marched off. She asked Jeannie about what happens, but when Jeannie described how they would be marched off naked and shackled that evening Roberta became so upset that Jeannie decided not to tell her that she had actually been punished.&nbsp; She told her she did not know what happened after the prisoners were marched off. Jeannie was worried about Roberta, as well as herself, causing her to throw up her dinner also.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Just before lights out a guard appeared who ordered Jeannie to strip and come out of her cell. When she was handcuffed and shackled she was marched to Roberta's cell. When Roberta saw her a look of shock crossed her face and she cried out. "D'Armatta, McDonald, strip and get out here" the guard ordered. Jeannie watched while Roberta hurried to pull off her uniform, underwear, shoes and stockings. Naked she came out of the cell, stood behind Jeannie and was shackled. When the three were ready they were marched to the exercise yard. Each was stood some distance from the other facing so they could not see each other. It was cold and after a few minutes Jeannie became cold. The guard un-cuffed her wrist re&#8209;fastening them behind her back then left her alone again.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A short time later, Jeannie heard Roberta sobbing loudly. She also heard some slaps and more sobbing. The guard came to Jeannie. "The other bitch says she wants you to eat her" the guard told Jeannie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What ever you want me to do, I will do" Jeannie responded stating the obvious.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're not here to eat each other" the guard slapping the helpless Jeannie's face. "You're here for punishment. Now show some respect". Jeannie dropped to her knees and kissed the guard's oxfords. "That's better. Get up" the guard said leaving Jeannie and heading toward Andrea.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After about an hour Jeannie was shivering and a mass of goose flesh. She was glad when they were marched back inside but filled with terror when they were lead to the shower room. Once there a leather belt was placed around each of their waists. Then Jeannie saw the guard bring out the six lengths of hose. The three were made to bend over while the guard unceremoniously shoved a hose up each of their asses.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What's going on?" whispered Roberta when they were allowed to stand and the guard went over to the other hoses. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "A douche and enema" Jeannie whispered quickly as the guard was returning.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh" Roberta exclaimed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Silence" the guard shouted slapping both Jeannie and Roberta hard across the face. With that she began shoving the other hoses into their cunts. When they were in place and fastened the women were marched into the shower room. Andrea was handcuffed over the pipe then Roberta was moved behind her. Because she was too short they could not handcuff her over the pipe. The guard brought in a plastic box about two inches deep which she turned over. When Roberta stood on it on her tip toes her wrists could be cuffed above the pipe. Once again Jeannie would stand with her heels off the floor as she too was cuffed behind Roberta.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A guard in hip boots carrying a riding crop came into the shower room. "When the water flows, hold it as long as you can" she ordered "We've found some old hands let it out right away. The first ones to let it out will get something special" she said tapping the whip in her palm.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In no time the first painful jolt hit them in both cavities while they hung there helpless to do anything else. Roberta screamed as the pressure hit her. Jeannie had planned on letting go right away but the guard with the crop changed that plan. She saw water start to flow from Roberta's ass and the guard immediately began whipping her. Red welts appeared quickly showing that the guard was not holding back. Roberta's continued screams confirmed the fact. Jeannie let go also which caused the guard to turn on her. She was struck first on the right breast. Jeannie too screamed as the pain shot through her sensitive breast. Helpless to resist she screamed again as she saw the guard line up to strike her other breast. This stroke caught the nipple giving her more pain than the first one. The screams at this session were far more than in her previous two. There were a couple more to her belly and ass before the guard left them. While Andrea and Jeannie now had their feet covered with water, Roberta standing on the box was yet to experience it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The hung there recovering for a half hour before the guard returned again. They knew the water would soon follow. This time an ice cold jolt hit them which Jeannie was determined to hold in. In no time the pressure in her insides was intense. Once again the guard was beating Roberta who was again screaming. Andrea then let go allowing Jeannie to relieve her pressure. After several further hot and cold administrations and many more beatings to all three of them the night would finally end.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This time Jeannie knew to hold her breath on the way out still the drowning attempt was as bad as the last time.&nbsp; Back in her cell after the discipline Jeannie wanted only to sleep. After breakfast she slept most of the time till lunch then again most of the afternoon. It took several days before she could get back to a normal routine.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next time she saw Roberta she was a different person. She had been thoroughly traumatized by the experience. As soon as she saw Jeannie she began to cry. She would not let Jeannie near her blaming her for her ordeal. Andrea told Jeannie that Roberta spent most of her time crying, had eaten very little since the punishment and had nightmares each night. Jeannie could see her trembling like a frightened animal. Jeannie longed to hold her and comfort her but went back to her cell.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; During the remainder of her sentence Jeannie would watch Roberta from a far as she lost weight and became more nervous and frail. When she did not see her she asked Andrea who told her Roberta had been taken to a mental hospital which left Jeannie shocked and saddened.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One evening Carmella came into her cell. "I hear you like eating pussy so much that you don't mind being punished for it" she told Jeannie. "You like it that much you come eat me tonight" This encounter would lead Jeannie to a period with Carmella of forced sexual servitude. After a week in which she ate her each night and allowed Carmella to amuse herself by watching Jeannie masturbate on command while standing naked in front of her, Jeannie was finally allowed to return to her cell. By then she was less than a month from the first anniversary of her imprisonment.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With the one year mark only a week away Jeannie got another surprise. She had Marni already to pick her up the following Wednesday when she would be released when Jeannie found she must serve an additional two days for each time she was disciplined. For Jeannie it would be and additional six days. Even though she had already served 358 days six more was a crushing burden. When Marni came to pick her up she too learned the news. Since there was no way to reach Marni, Jeannie was now unsure if she would be back again.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The first two days of the extra time Friday and Saturday was served for being out of her cell. Since Jeannie did not feel she could have avoided this she was disappointed about not being out for the weekend. Some how these&nbsp; last days seemed to take longer than the others. Sunday and Monday were for the magazine incident. Jeannie was angry and depressed as she repeatedly thought about why she was serving the extra time. On Tuesday her mood brightened thinking about Roberta as the one bright spot in the whole ordeal.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was saddened about Roberta who never came back to the prison population, still she did not regret having met her. She only wished she had known about how to do it right feeling that it all would have been quite different.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She went through the regular routine these last days. On Tuesday night she lined up for the last time for her shower. She promised herself a bubble bath as soon as she was back home as she stood there naked holding her towel waiting to march to the shower. In the shower room the inmate in charge felt the stubble of her pubic hair telling her she was due for another shave. Jeannie's protest with the fact she would be released the day after next was unavailing as she stood there with her feet spread and knees bent while her cunt was shaved again. She was also given another haircut which bothered her even more. She had asked Marni to make a private appointment for her with a hairdresser for the afternoon she got out in order to make her presentable for appearing once again in public. She had hoped to have a little growth for the hairdresser to work with but that would not be now. Indeed the inmate gave her a particularly short clip this tine reminding Jeannie that "It's not over until it's over". Now Jeannie was not even sure she still had the hairdressing appointment.&nbsp; Jeannie showered with the others, dried herself turned in her towel and marched back naked to her cell.&nbsp; She put on her nightgown and went to sleep for the next to the last time in her cell.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wednesday was another typical and boring day. Jeannie remembered that she was spending this day here because if her affair with Roberta. She thought a lot about Roberta but thought more about going home. She worried that Marni would not be there and she would have to make her way home on public transportation. It seemed each activity would never end, and tomorrow would never come.&nbsp; When it was finally lights out, she went to bed but she was so excited at the prospect of release she took a long time to get to sleep.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Thursday, Release Day, began with the ringing of the 6:30 A.M. bell. Even though Jeannie was not a kitchen worker she got up and dressed with the bell. She waited around and marched to breakfast with the others. She ate sparingly of the scrambled eggs and grits, wanting to save her appetite for a luncheon on the outside. She marched back to her cell where she was locked in until morning free time. She spent her free time saying good&#8209;bye to a few of the prisoners she had met about whom she cared. It did not take long. She was locked back in awaiting the lunch formation when a guard came to her cell.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stevens, get all you things, including bedding and follow me." she said. Jeannie stripped the linens from her bed and joined her outside the cell. The guard shackled her ankles and handcuffed her before leading her off. She was taken through several locked doors across then across the yard to the administration building.&nbsp; After several more locked doors and a trip down a hall she was led into the in processing room.&nbsp; She entered through a door on one wall which faced a counter which was in front of a wall of shelves full of clothing. The other two walls each had two large picture windows, one looking outside and the other facing the visitors&#8217; waiting room. Jeannie looked into the waiting room where about twenty men and women were seated. She became excited when she saw Marni sitting in the first row among the visitors. She looked over and smiled at Marni as she entered who waived at her. The hand cuffs kept Jeannie from waiving back.&nbsp; Jeannie couldn't have been in better spirits.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stevens, Jeannie 74921" her escort announced to the guard behind the desk, before removing her restraints.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "OK Stevens gimmie your stuff when I ask for it" the guard ordered. "Uniform" she said. Jeannie put her bedding on the counter so her hands would be free to take off her uniform. "Get that stuff off my counter, I didn't ask for it" the guard said angrily raising her voice. Jeannie quickly laid it on the floor, took off her uniform and handed it to the guard leaving her in her underwear and stockings.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Camisole" the guard said next.&nbsp; Jeannie pulled the camisole off over her head placing it on the counter. She covered her now naked breasts with her hands to shield them from the curious gazes of the visitors.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "A final indignity" thought Jeannie as she stood there waiting the next command which she knew was coming.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Panties" the guard ordered causing Jeannie to slide her panties down her legs and over her feet so she could place them on the counter before the guard. In nothing but her shoes and stockings, Jeannie was suddenly reminded of a year ago when her lawyer had her remove her jewelry in the courtroom before she was marched off. She remembered how she felt that she was being stripped in front of her friends. Now she in fact was.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stockings" said the guard so Jeannie slid her stockings down to her ankles, took off her shoes, slid each over her foot as she stood on the other, and placed them on the counter. Jeannie stood there naked awaiting the next order. She was too embarrassed to look at Marni so she kept looking straight ahead. She covered her crotch with one hand and her breasts with her other hand and arm.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "We don't re&#8209;use shoes, so you can put them back on" the guard told her. Jeannie did not expect to wear them any more but she did as she was told.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Nightgown" said the guard causing Jeannie to rummage in the pile on the floor to find it.&nbsp; She placed it on the counter and waited for the next order.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She glanced toward the window facing the visitors room and noticed a large black man had gotten up from his seat and was standing up against the window taking it all in. This both angered and humiliated her. "It's not over until it's over" she thought to herself standing there naked in front of all these people.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sheet" was the next command after which Jeannie put her sheet on the counter.&nbsp; The guard picked it up and placed it in the laundry basket with Jeannie other things.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Pillow slip" came the next order. When Jeannie placed it on the counter, only the blanket remained on the floor.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Blanket" said the guard so Jeannie scooped up the
last item from the floor and put it on the counter. "Fold it" said the guard so Jeannie took it back struggled to fold it which involved spreading her arms as wide as she could. At least when she did, the blanket covered her body from the curious visitor.&nbsp; When it was folded she placed it on the counter. The guard placed it on a shelf behind her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Pillow" said the guard causing Jeannie to panic. There was nothing more on the floor since she had left it in her cell. She had forgotten it had been issued to her not remembering it was not in the cell when she arrived.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I don't have it" Jeannie said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mary, she forgot her pillow" the guard called to her companion.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard who had escorted Jeannie from her cell came back over. She re&#8209;handcuffed and shackled Jeannie then ordered "Follow me".&nbsp; Shackled and wearing nothing but her shoes, Jeannie followed the guard out of the room.&nbsp; They went back down the corridor, through locked doors, across the exercise yard, back into the cell building through more locked doors back to Jeannie's old cell block.&nbsp; The inmates were marching off to lunch so Jeannie had to stand there with the guard waiting for them to march by.&nbsp; She saw Ann, Dee, Carmella and Andrea, all people she had never expected to see again as they marched by.&nbsp; The guard took Jeannie to her now unlocked old cell, allowing Jeannie to go in and get her pillow.&nbsp; Jeannie was angry at herself when she saw the 74921 stenciled on the pillow for not remembering to take it the first time.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They re&#8209;traced their path one more time and Jeannie found herself once again before the guard in the reception room. Holding the pillow to cover her nakedness, she looked into the visitors waiting room. All of the visitors except Marni had left so Jeannie felt better. She waived one of her shackled hands and Marni waived back. When she was unchained she placed the pillow on the counter. The guard took it and placed it on a shelf behind her. After she did the guard pulled on a pair of rubber gloves.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh no" thought Jeannie as the guard got up and came around the counter to her.&nbsp; At least the other visitors were gone now.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Raise your arms, move your feet apart and bend you knees" the guard ordered causing Jeannie to comply. The guard then meticulously started to go through Jeannie's hair separating it with her fingers and pulling it in all directions. "Open your mouth" was he next command followed by the guard's fingers exploring around her tongue and gums. Jeannie gagged as she forced it to the back of her throat. The guard ran her now wet hand over Jeannie's shoulders and back before grasping her tits. She played with them until the nipples got firm then pinched each nipple painfully.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After running her hands over Jeannie's belly she thrust two fingers into Jeannie's cunt. In spite of her embarrassment, Jeannie glanced at the waiting room window. Marni sat there with her mouth open and an amazed look on her face. Jeannie quickly looked back as the guard's fingers probed her cunt. "Now bend over and grab your ankles" the guard ordered. When she did she felt the guard's finger on her asshole. It forced its way in and felt all around her rectum. When it was extracted and Jeannie was told to stand again, The guard ran her hands down and up Jeannie's legs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When she had finished Jeannie was re shackled and taken naked, except for her shoes, to another room. There a woman in civilian clothes explained that she would be paroled gave her papers with the name address and appointment time for her parole officer. She would have to report in person weekly until her sentence was completed. In exchange for being released early she had to agree to meeting with a parole officer monthly thereafter for an additional year. She then signed the documents agreeing to the terms and conditions of her early release. The woman then lectured her for five minutes about proper behavior in a free society. The speech had been given many times and was full of figures about recidivism. After the lecture Jeannie took her papers and was taken back to the reception area.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard who had searched her now returned to her bra, panties, pantyhose, belt, dress and shoes which she was wearing when she was sentenced. Jeannie signed for them and put them on feeling almost human again. Her purse was returned to her and each item contained therein was matched against the inventory and returned to her. She signed for them then was given twenty five dollars for which she also had to sign.&nbsp; She led her back out to the corridor and opened the door to the visitors room.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're free" she said. Jeannie rushed into Marni's arms who hugged her tightly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You poor thing" Marni said as they hugged. "I don't know how you stood it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Let's get out of here" was Jeannie's only reply. They left and got in Marni's BMW and drove off to the luncheon Marni had planned.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Here you may want to use this" Marni said handing Jeannie a comb and mirror. The image in the mirror startled Jeannie since her hair was still disheveled from her last examination. Jeannie tried to straighten up her hair for lunch but was not too successful. She was thankful when Marni told her she had a four o'clock appointment at the hairdresser's.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After a half hour drive they stopped at a county inn for lunch. Jeannie had a fresh salad with shrimp in it. Two things that had been in short supply the last year. After a year in prison she could hardly believe she was free.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Following lunch Marni drove Jeannie to her home. Jeannie was excited about seeing the place after a year away. Her cleaning lady had made the place ready for Jeannie's homecoming and everything was perfect. Even though she had only been wearing them for a couple of hours the heels on the pumps hurt her feet. It would take some practice after a year in flats. She slipped out of her pumps and into a pair of slippers with flat soles. She remembered the last time she had seen a pair of her own slippers and shuddered. Marni waited while Jeannie luxuriated in a whirlpool bath, after which Jeannie changed her clothes. Even though she had not had the outfit she was wearing on for more than a year she threw it away. It was the outfit she wore when she was sentenced so it would always remind her of that.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They drove to the hairdresser's where Jeannie went the while route: hairdo, manicure, pedicure, and facial.&nbsp; With a bath, new hairdo, make&#8209;up and new clothes she felt like a new person.&nbsp; Her appearance had improved dramatically. They went out for dinner where Jeannie got high on her before dinner cocktails since her tolerance for alcohol had diminished substantially from a year of abstinence. Jeannie devoured a thick Juicy steak, another item in short supply at the prison.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie next week was very busy including an appointment with her gynecologist who told her that she was fine except that the muscles in her vagina had been stretched and weakened.&nbsp; They would get better but she would never be as tight as she would have been.&nbsp; She also met with her lawyer who had attended to her affairs while she was away. The week was euphoric. Jeannie caught up on her business affairs and read and sorted through a year's worth of mail.&nbsp; However at the end of the week she paid her first visit to her parole officer.&nbsp; At this time she learned she was not truly free and would not be for a while.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The written instructions from the parole officer included one strange requirement. She was required to wear her shoes from prison to each weekly meeting with her parole officer. Since she already served six extra days over a year she would have twenty five more weeks left on her sentence. That made twenty five visits to the parole office and twenty five more times she would have to wear her prison footwear.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The parole office was in one of the poorer more crime ridden sections of town so Jeannie did not dress to flaunt her wealth when she went. She wore stockings, slacks and a sweater along with her prison shoes. She found a parking lot a block away and walked to the office. Her appointment was at ten A.M. She arrived at the office at 9:50 to find six other women already waiting.&nbsp; A sign told her to remove one of her shoes and drop it in box next to the door to the inner office. She did so and took a seat joining the others who sat there with one stockinged foot and a prison shoe on their other. While she waited another woman hurried in removed her shoe, dropped it in the box and took a seat.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When a clock on a nearby building chimed the hour an elderly black gentleman came out of the inner office took the box and re-entered the office. Minutes later he re&#8209;appeared with a shoe in his hand. "76231" he called out reading the number from the shoe. A heavy black woman rose from her seat, walked over to him, removed her other shoe, and handed it to him.&nbsp; He looked inside it nodded and she followed him into the office. About three quarters of an hour later she emerged wearing both of her shoes, put on her coat, and left.&nbsp; After five more minutes the ritual was repeated with another number.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was almost one thirty when he called out "74921".&nbsp; Jeannie who had been waiting for several hours went to him and gave him her other shoe. He looked inside at the number to see that it matched the one in his hand then motioned her into the inside office.&nbsp; The office had a desk, filing cabinets, a table of equipment and a single chair.&nbsp; "OK 74921, take everything off, put it on the table and stand on the spot" he ordered.&nbsp; Jeannie was shocked.&nbsp; After a week on the outside she was beginning to get her dignity back but this was a reminder of how it had been.&nbsp; She stripped and saw a one foot circle painted on the wood floor upon which she stood covering her crotch and breasts with her hands. There was almost something humorous about his addressing her by her prison number. He must have learned it from a grade B movie since Jeannie had not even been addressed by her number when she was inside.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "My name is Mister Williams" he began "You are required to meet with me weekly during the remainder of your sentence. If I decide you should, you will be returned to serve the remainder of your sentence in prison. If you are successful you will be transferred to the probation department. I expect to know everything about you while I am responsible for your case. No need to be modest and do not try to hide anything from me. Put your hands at your sides."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeannie moved her hands to her sides and stood there blushing. He then questioned her intensively for the next half hour about everything in her life: her employment, finances, friends, daily activities for the last week, sex life including self stimulation, TV shows seen, church attendance, alcohol and substance use, plans for the following week, nothing was beyond his prying. She soon learned to answer "Yes sir" or "That is right Mister Williams" He also mentioned that some of the younger ex&#8209;offenders curtseyed when they addressed him. While he did not require it he noted that such displays of "good breeding" go a long way in business and are noticed. Jeannie began to curtsey when she answered.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He seemed particularly concerned about her drinking at dinner. He told her she could not have more than three drinks a week and not more than one in any one day. He explained that he was a teetotaler himself and encouraged her to give up alcohol altogether also. Jeannie said she would cut down. He was not yet ready to order her to Alcoholics Anonymous but would follow her case very closely.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She soon forgot about her nakedness as the impact of his message came through. Mr. Williams was a humorless, straight laced person from the old school.&nbsp; Her fate was in the hands of this old bureaucrat with whom she had absolutely nothing in common. He would be about as likely to give her a break as he was to fly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He told Jeannie she must get a job citing figures correlating unemployment and recidivism.&nbsp; She tried to explain that she was independently wealthy and had not worked since before she was married but he but he would have none of that. He told her if she had not applied to the state employment office by the next visit she would be sent back to prison. He also told her she must start regular church attendance. She must get a letter from her priest, minister or rabbi verifying her attendance monthly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Worst he told her she could not leave the state without his permission. Her planned trip to Europe with Marni must now be canceled. In a couple of months, after she had a job, she might be allowed to go to New York but Europe and air travel was definitely off.&nbsp; When he learned that she had a vacation home at the beach of an adjoining state he told her he would have to think about it. "It's clear that you don't need a vacation since you don't have a job to vacation from" he reasoned. He told her he would make his decision after she was employed. Now that he had denied permission Jeannie wanted to get to her beach house to recover from her prison experience even more. She asked about travel restrictions on probation but he told her her job was to successfully complete her parole and she should worry about that before thinking about her parole.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By the time she was allowed to dress and leave she realized her ordeal had simply moved to a new level.&nbsp; The weekly meetings continued for the next six months. After a couple Mr. Williams noticed that her pubic hair was growing back in. He told her she should be more attentive to her personal habits so in spite of her desire to get her life back she shaved it again every two weeks.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She tried to get a friend of her ex&#8209;husband to hire her so she could meet her employment obligations but he said he could not oblige. Instead the state found her a job as a waitress in a diner in a lower middle class part of the city. She met a lot of new people and would actually have enjoyed it if Mr.&nbsp; Williams had not required it. Her attendance at religious services was another story. She looked at it as a weekly obligation which she was forced to endure.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She spoke about Mr. Williams to her lawyer who told her much of what he did could be prohibited. Of course it would take time and money and the lawyer could not guarantee the result. Considering the risk she might want to raise it after she had completed her parole.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She agreed to continue to endure his direction so that it would ultimately be a year and a half later, after she completed her probation before she was truly free of restrictions. She would never be free of the memories or emotional scars left by this experience.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:     terrysissy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





