BDSM Library - Introductions




Introductions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A story about a husband and wife who try to live a BDSM lifestyle. This is complicated by their two beautiful daughters. The couple introduces their daughters into a life of BDSM and a new sexuality.






CH 1
My name is Steve Jones, I live in southern Wyoming with my wife, Lindsey, and my two beautiful daughters Emily, and Carolyn. Having two daughters and no son might sound crazy, but it's actually a lot of fun. Soon after my wife and I got married, we bought some land in Wyoming, and live there on about 100 acres. We have great privacy to explore our sexual conquests, and live the BDSM lifestyle. 
Lindsey and I met in Colorado and got married about two years later. After buying a house, we settled in and built our life. Having so much land is very nice, because we can be outside naked, and nobody will see you. I require that my wife stay naked at all times when we are at home, unless we have guests that don't appreciate our lifestyle. Our two daughters were raised the same way. As of now, our oldest daughter Carolyn is 18, and Emily is 16. Both are in high school at the moment. We are all comfortable with nudity, and as soon as they get home, they take off their clothes and let it all hang out. I must say that I enjoy the sights! 
Now that the girls are old enough, and comfortable with their bodies and being naked in front of their mom and I, we decided to take the next step and introduce them to our BDSM lifestyle. 
CH 2
For starters, the girls do know about our BDSM lifestyle, and we have discussed it at length, strarting when they were old enough to understand it. Sexual activities are nothing new to my family, but we kept the girls out of our playroom until we were sure they were old enough. They do not know about our playroom because it's locked behind a hidden door. Lindsey and I have been together for over 20 years, so we have accrued a vast collection of toys and bdsm furniture. Carolyn and Emily have a few toys of their own, but nothing beyond vibrators and a butt plug or two. We have taught them about sex so they wont go off and get into trouble with some boy and they will know how to do it safely. After some discussion, my wife and I decided to call a family meeting early in the evening.
"Emily, Carolyn, can you come down here please?" I said, calling them to the kitchen.
"What's up, dad?" Emily asked.
"Well girls, it's Friday night, and I asked you girls to keep this weekend open for me, because your mom and I want to show you something." I said. 
This sounds mysterious, what's going on?" Carolyn asked. 
"Well kids, you know your mom and are interested in BDSM, and are partially living the lifestyle, but there is something we need to show you. It's a sort of play room." I said. 
"You, you mean like a dungeon?" Carolyn asked, her voice quivering slightly, and her hand moving towards her pussy. 
"Yes, it's a dungeon. Your dad and I have built it over the years and have quite a collection of toys and gear," Lindsey answered, staring at Carolyn's pussy which she noticed was almost dripping wet. 
"Oh wow, dad! I knew that you guys had that trunk of whips and restraints upstairs, but I never knew that you had an entire room!" Emily said.
"Yes kiddo, we have a lot of stuff that you don't know about, because we wanted to teach you about it when you were old enough." I said. 
"What do you say we go up there and take a look?"
CH 3
After dinner,&nbsp; we all scampered upstairs, Lindsey in front, Emily behind her, then Carolyn, then myself, I couldn't help but stare at the three beautiful bodies in front of me. It's obvious where the girls get their looks from, and it sure as hell isn't from me, I can tell you that much! I'm 6 foot tall, a little over 200 pounds, in decent shape, but not chiseled like all the guys in the movies. Lindsey on the other hand looks like a porn star! She's tall, about 5'8", 140 pounds, a few beautiful curves leading to ample, succulent D-cup breasts, and overall a body to die for! Carolyn takes a lot after her mom as she is the same height and a little thinner, but she still has good sized C's up front. Emily is a little thinner and more lanky, but has an ass to die for and solid B cup breasts. After walking upstairs watching the three of them, we reached my bedroom and my heart was beating out of my chest from excitement, my cock was extremely hard and attentive as well. We walked through our bedroom and towards our bookcase. 
"Ok girls, this bookcase is also a hidden door."&nbsp; I said
"Really dad!?" Emily said, rubbing her sweet pussy.
"Yep, and if you pull on this latch under the top shelf, it'll open the door. 
With that, I opened the door to our private dungeon...
I had a large extension to our house built shortly after we moved in. This extension is partially above the living room and the garage. It is a large room, and over the years we have furnished the dungeon with fine furniture, toys and restraints. Some are store bought and some are home made. The first part of the room that I showed the girls was the bed in the center. It's a home made version of a four poster, made of black powdercoated steel. This bed is very sturdy, and is close to a king size, so that we can all 'sleep' on it at once. 
"Look a little closer, girls," I said. 
They were speechless... 
The bed is equipped with heavy duty D-rings all over, so a slave can be tied spreadeagled standing up, laying down, bent over the footboard, or even suspended. What's underneath is my favorite part. The entire underside of the bed is a cage, about six feet long and 18 inches high with a removable, locking divider in the center, a padded floor, and doors on both sides. The idea behind this was so that two slaves could sleep in the cage, and they could be separated if desired. 
"Can we sleep in the cage tonight, daddy?" Carolyn asked. 
"If we do can Cari and I sleep together?" Emily added. 
"We'll see, but first I want to show you a few things." I said.
I started to give the girls the grand tour of the room, but first I locked their wrists behind their backs with handcuffs and shackles on their beautiful ankles. I then showed them the room. In the middle, dominating the room is the bed. To the left of the bed are two cages. These stand upright, so the slaves can be standing and locked in them while being forced to watch. I also added some rings to the top side so their wrists can be locked above their head and they can't touch themselves. 
Next on the tour was the spanking horse. This horse is an adjustable height with many spots to be tied to, while being spanked or fucked. Lindsey loves being spanked and fucked on the horse. Across from the bed is our toy wall, and this consists of pegboard with hooks holding our many spanking implements, nipple clamps, blindfolds, gags, etc. Underneath is a trunk where we store the vibrators. Finally, to the right of the bed is a large frame, that has a heavy duty eyelet in the middle for suspensions and to hoist the slave's arms up for whipping. 
I decided to show the girls a little about bdsm...
First, I locked my girl's cuffs in front of them, so they could pleasure themselves, then called my wife over. 
"Lindsey, my sweet slave, will you come over please?"
"Yes master," she said. 
"Present your wrists to me."
"Yes, master."
I proceeded to put suspension cuffs on her wrists, and locked them to the eyelet using a short chain. She was forced to stand on her tiptoes while she would be whipped. 
With that, I led the girls to the cages, and locked them in their own cage, and then picked up another set of cuffs and a medium weight flogger. In a flash I locked the cuffs onto her ankles, and hoisted her up in the air, so she is being suspended by her ankles and wrists, while her pussy is in full view. 
I started to whip her, lightly at first, as she started to moan. I then grabbed a little bit of lube, put some on my hard cock and thrust it in to her pussy. I continued to thrust in and out of her pussy, while I whipped her breasts. She tried to squirm and move away, but there was no where to run. Holding off on the whipping for a minute, I continued to fuck her In and out, in and out. The girls were standing, mesmerized while frantically rubbing each other's pussy through the bars of the cage. 
"Now girls, for just this one time, you can come whenever you want, but first you must yell, 'Oh daddy, I'm coming'."
I continued to fuck my beautiful wife, and as she told me she was about to come, I stepped back, and gave her five hard shots with the flogger directly on her pussy. The second I stuffed my cock back in her pussy, she came harder than I think I've ever seen before. At that time, both the girls had a sreaming orgasm, while screaming "Oh daddy, I'm coming," and just I was about to come, I pulled out and walked over to the girls and shot my load into Carolyn's pretty mouth. 
"Now, Carolyn, since I came into your mouth, you must give some of that to Emily, then you can both swallow." I said. 
She did as I asked and snowballed some of my hot cum into her sisters mouth through the bars. They both swallowed it like good girls. 
I released all my girls from their bonds, and kissed them up and down their bodies. I carried my beautiful Lindsey to the bed, and did the same with my daughters. 
With a good long kiss on each of their pussies, I locked the girls into the cage under the bed for the night, with the divider out, just to see what would happen. My wife lay beside me on the bed, and we all drifted off into a deep sleep. 
CH 4
Waking up late the next morning, a beautiful, warm Saturday morning, I checked on my beautiful wife.&nbsp; 
"How'd you sleep,&nbsp; sweet slave?" I asked. 
"Great master, especially after that orgasm last night! That was one of the best I've had in a while." She replied. 
"Let's go check on the girls..."
I reached down under the bed and pulled up the bed skirt, revealing my beautiful naked daughters sleeping in their cage, cuddled in each other's arms.
"Good morning ladies..."
Carolyn replied sleepily, "good morning daddy!"
Emily woke up soon after and I released them from their bonds and got them up and out of the cage.
I slowly massaged their sore spots to get them loosened up for the day, occasionally feeling their wet pussies and their ample breasts. 
"Why don't we all go take a shower?"
"Together? That's really hot!!" Emily replied. 
"Now girls, don't go pee just yet." Lindsey asked.
"Why not?" Carolyn asked
"You'll see."
We all went into the bathroom in my bedroom, which is a very large shower with multiple shower heads, plenty big for even four people. 
"Ok girls, your father and I enjoy pee play before we shower. Have you girls ever been interested in something like this?
"Yes mommy," Both girls replied. 
"Ok girls, why don't you all kneel down in front of me, and then we can take turns peeing on each other."
"Even you daddy? Emily asked. 
"Yes darling, even me." I answered.
With that we all took turns urinating on each other and I must admit, I love the way all my girls taste! Lindsey peed on Emily, Emily on Carolyn, Carolyn on me, and I peed on my wife. After everyone was done, we all ended in an orgy style make out session for a bit while we were showering. Emily and Carolyn got a little frisky and started to rub each other's pussy, so I put an end to that with a nice sharp slap on their ass. 
"You are not to pleasure yourselves until I say so."
"Yes master," they replied. 
After the shower, we all sat down for breakfast, all of my little slaves handcuffed and shackled. The thought ran through my mind, 'today is going to be fun!'
CH 5
When breakfast was finished and the kitchen was all cleaned up, I removed their shackles and started the girls on their training. My training plan is fairly laid back and has just a few simple rules. 
Rule 1: A slave must be naked at all times while at home, unless told otherwise. 
Rule 2: A slave must always address me as master or daddy
Rule 3: A slave is not permitted to wear underwear outside of the house without the master's permission. 
These rules are always in place, and there may be other temporary rules that might apply. 
I gave both the girls a copy of the rules, and my lovely wife already has copies and has memorized them, so there is no need to do it again. 
"Girls, if you can memorize these three, simple rules, then you will be great slaves."
"Yes master." Carolyn responded.
"Yes daddy." Emily added. 
"Ok girls, let's get started! First, Emily baby, you come over here." 
"Yes master" 
"Bend over at the waist." I said. 
"Yes daddy." 
She did as I told her, and she bent over and stayed there. I grabbed some lube and a small vibrating butt plug with a wireless remote. I lubed it up and pushed it slowly into her asshole. She gave a slight moan as I pushed it in. I did the same with Carolyn, who had a similar reaction.&nbsp; After each of them had a butt plug in, we went upstairs to our bedroom. I tied Emily face up, spread eagled on the bed, and Carolyn was tied bent over the footboard in a spread eagle like position, legs spread wide and arms tied apart. 
I turned on their butt plugs and watched them squirm. While doing this, I had Lindsey pick who she wanted to eat out, and she crawled up on the bed and layed on top of Emily in a 69 position. They ate out each other' pussy ravenously. I quickly lubed up my cock and rammed it into Carolyn's pussy without warning. She let out a delicious yelp, and was already so close to cumming, that just&nbsp; a few strokes of my cock was all it took to make her cum. Just like she was told, she screamed "Oh daddy!!" as she came. Hearing all this, it didn't take long for Lindsey and Emily to tongue each other to orgasm. I on the other hand held off for now. As the girls calmed back down, I had an idea. I was going to have a competition between the girls and the winner would get a special surprise with lunch. 
CH 6
I took my time in untying the girls, because as you can imagine they looked so hot while tied up. It took every ounce of strength I had to not cum at this point. 
"Ok girls, let's just get something to drink real quick, and then I've got a little game for you..." I said with a smirk. 
After about fifteen minutes we gathered back into the dungeon, and I had some clover clamps laid out on the table.
"What are those for?" Emily asked
"Those are nipple clamps." Carolyn asked. 
"That's right sweetie. Ok both of you, come over here and face each other, about two feet apart." 
They did so, as I locked Lindsey into the upright cage, handcuffed behind her back with a vibrator stuffed in her pussy, and clamps on her nipples with the chain wrapped around the bars of the cage so if she pulled back too far it would tug on the clamps. 
Back to the girls, they were still doing as I asked them, I took two pairs of nipple clamps, and put them on their pussies, one on each side in a pussy tug of war. When I put the clamps on, both of them whimpered a bit, but they were both incredibly turned on.
"Daddy, it hurts..." Emily whipered. 
"Ok girls, I know it hurts but whoever wins this pussy tug of war will be rewarded greatly." I replied.
When I said go, they hesitated at first, and leaned in to kiss each other. I picked up a riding crop, and started to smack their boobs. They both started to pull on each others pussy, trying to drag the other across the line that I had made on the floor. They pulled, whining, whimpering and crying out in pain, but then something unexpected happened.&nbsp; Carolyn, my sweet little carolyn pulled harder and suddenly started breathing harder and moaning. It was obvious to everybody that she was having an orgasm. My sweet daughter is a painslut! The orgasm caused her to lose her balance, and Emily was almost able to pull her across the line, but then she caught her footing and pulled her sister across. 
Shortly after Carolyn came, I heard Lindsey moan from across the room. She was obviously enjoying that vibrator, because she had two orgasms back to back and a third one a short time later. 
When I took the clamps off, both of them moaned, but Carolyn had yet another orgasm, and her pussy was so wet that the clamps just slid right off. Carolyn, you are the winner, and you'll claim your prize in a bit, but first, let's get some lunch. With that, I shackled the girls and we all returned downstairs. 
CH 7 
For lunch, I made my girls a very simple meal, spicy italian sandwiches with potato chips. They sat at the table, with their handcuffs and shackles still on. It was nothing special, just a nice quick meal. Lindsey and Emily wanted mustard on their sandwich, but Carolyn, like myself, likes mayonaise. I, however, had a different plan. You'll see my genius in a minute. As I was making lunch, I ordered Carolyn over to me, and kneeling in front of me, sucking my cock. I knew it wasn't going to take long until I came. When I though I was about to come, I stopped her and sent her back to the table. I served the girls their food, and asked them to wait to eat for just a second. I walked over to the table and allowed my daughter finish sucking my cock, and just as I was about to come, I pulled out of her lovely mouth and shot my load onto her sandwich. 
She sat there in shock, and Emily and Lindsey and sat there with just a hint of jealousy. I must admit, I was so turned on. 
"Thank you daddy!" Carolyn said.
We all ate lunch, and relaxed for a bit, and afterwards I cleaned up the kitchen real quick. It was a unanimous decision that we would all lay on the bed in the dungeon for a bit just to rest. A hot heap of four bodies all nuzzled together, our naked bodies touching. 
After a brief nap, we all woke up, but just continued to lay there. I then told the girls that Carolyn's reward was not just lunch. 
"Ok girls, part of Carolyn's reward was receiving my cum in her food, but that is not all. I had something else in mind. She is going to be my co-dom for the rest of the afternoon." I said. 
"Really dad?" Carolyn asked, Lindsey and Emily still in shock. 
"Yes, baby, but I still have the final say in what you do..." I replied.
"Ok slaves," she started, "first, I would like you to stand, facing each other under the eye bolt in the ceiling." 
With my help, she quickly tied both the girls wrists to the eye bolt, preparing them for a whipping. They were tied face to face with their arms over their heads. She added an extra rope around their waists and tied it so their boobs would be smashed up against one another. She selected a medium weight flogger, and started with her sister, lightly at first, followed by one hard THWACK!" She then moved over to her mom, and after doing the same thing, she kept rotating back and forth between the two. I sat back and gently stroked my cock, and I must admit, that for her first time swinging a whip, she is pretty darn good at it. With each of the girls moaning, Carolyn kept&nbsp; whipping them for a few minutes, until both of their asses and backs were nice and pink. 
She slowed down with the whip for a while, then released their wrists. 
"OK ladies, I want you to lay down on the floor. Mom, lay face up, and Emily, lay face down on top of her, 69 style." 
With a little hesitation, Emily did as she was told, and stuffed her pussy into her mother's mouth. Quickly, Carolyn grabbed rope, and tied their wrists to the other's feet, and finished off with a tight rope around their waist. 
"I think you can guess what I want you to do," She stated, "You two are going to lick each other to orgasm, while I fuck daddy." 
They lay there for what seemed like hours, just licking and lapping each others pussy up until they were so tired that they fell asleep on each other. Carolyn fucked me hard and fast, and just before I came she flipped around and swallowed every drop of my hot cum. We sat on the bed and watched the other two.
We released Lindsey and Emily, who were still groggy from countless orgasms. I let the two of them go clean each other up and take a shower together, while Carolyn and I cuddled on the bed. 
"You did good, kiddo." 
"Thank you master." 
"We will have to do this again sometime, but I want to address something else first."
"What's that, daddy?" 
"I noticed that you came from the pussy clamps. I think that you might have a bit of painslut in you, so I would like to test that theory out a bit." 
She was clearly turned on because her hand instinctively went straight to her wet pussy. 
CH 8
"Let's get some rest first, and then Carolyn, I want to kind of push your limits, because it seems to me that you are a painslut." I said. 
"Ok daddy, yeah I never knew I could come from pain, but it makes me nervous. Can you take it somewhat easy on me for my first time?" She asked.
"Yeah sweetie, I'll start small and work up to the big stuff." I replied. 
"Ok daddy."
After a brief nap on the bed, with all three of my women cuddled up around me, we all got up and got ready for my experiment with Carolyn.
"Do you know what your safeword is, in case it gets too intense?" I asked.
"Yes daddy, it's 'mercy.'"
"Good, baby, now lets go over to the suspension rack."
"Yes master."
As my sweet daughter walked over to the suspension rack, I led my wife and Emily over to their cages. I didn't handcuff them, so they could play with each other's pussies by reaching through the bars. I also had them bend over and I put a wireless, vibrating butt plug into each of their asses, so that I could have the remote nearby and turn it on whenever I wanted. 
I started working on Carolyn with a medium weight flogger, after securing just her wrists to the frame. I did so tightly, however, so her toes could barely touch the ground. I started to whip her, and she squirmed as much as she could, but she couldn't really go anywhere. I picked up the pace, and flogged her harder and faster, and she started to whimper and moan. I could tell that she was getting pleasure out of my whipping her breasts and ass, but I didn't want her to cum just yet. 
I stopped without warning, and walked across the room to get some ankle cuffs. I didn't bring them over because I wanted her to be frustrated when I stop and beg me to come back over. This start and stop method would turn her on even more. 
Once I got back over, I hoisted her legs up, so she is now suspended by all fours. I picked up a heavier flogger, and lay it across her belly. I grabbed some lube real quick and lubed up my cock. I thrust it in to her pussy without warning, and started fucking her hard and fast. I stopped suddenly after a few minutes of rhythmic fucking, and grabbed the whip. I swung it a few times fast and hard, striking her square on the ass. I then stuck my cock back into her pussy, and kept fucking her. I alternated between fucking and flogging, and she was getting close to cumming, and I was too. I pulled out again, and wound up and struck her pussy hard with the flogger five times in a row. She screamed in pain and pleasure as she came harder than I have ever seen her. I then buried my cock back in her pussy, which was still extremely tight from her orgasm and pounded her fast and hard until she had yet another orgasm. I felt that I was close to cumming, so I stepped back and gave her a few more hard shots directly to her pussy until she came a third time, and she whimpered, out of breath, "Mercy, Daddy."
I then quickly walked over to the cages, as I was still about to come. I had Emily get on her knees, stroked my cock a few times, and I shot my load all over her face and into her mouth. I stood there for a moment, watched as my wife cleaned the cum off of our daughter's face with her tongue and then started making out. I quickly went back over to check on my painslut. She was still groggy from the three orgasms, but I gently let her down, and led her over to the bed. She layed down, and I released Lindsey and Emily from their cages, only to lock them in the cage under the bed, divider out. 
I cuddled with my painslut and we talked as I rubbed her marks from the flogger. 
"How was that, baby?"
"Oh daddy, it was incredible!! I have never come that hard in my life. I only said mercy because I didn't think I could take another orgasm. I'm just totally worn out." She replied. 
"Well," I said, "let's get some rest and then we will talk a little more. 
"Ok, daddy," was all she could mumble before she fell asleep. 
A few hours later, I was woken up by hearing very long, drawn out moans coming from beneath my bed. I listened for a little while longer, and while it was obvious that my two daughters were pleasuring themselves, I did not want to interrupt. 
"Oh, you taste so good, I love your pussy." Emily said, 
"MMMM yeah, right there." Lindsey replied. 
After a while, I got out of bed, layed on the floor next to the bed. I gazed into the cage under the bed and found my two beautiful daughters licking each other's pussy. I watched them for a while, and then Emily looked over at me. 
"Hi daddy." She said. 
"Hi sweetie, did you girls have fun?" I asked. 
"Yes daddy," she replied, Lindsey nodding her head 'yes.' 
"Ok girls, let's get you out of there for now, and get something to eat. We'll keep playing later." I said. 
With that, I unlocked the cage door, and the girls crawled out, and stood up to stretch. They obediently put their hands out in front of them and I locked handcuffs and shackles back onto their wrists and ankles, as well as my wife's. 
We went downstairs, and I made dinner for everyone. We all talked and ate, then after dinner, we went and sat on the couch. 
As we sat there, a jumbled mess of naked bodies, I slapped Emily's pussy playfully, rubbed ointment onto some of Carolyn's welts, and kissed every square inch of my wife's body. After talking some more, we headed back into the dungeon and all fell asleep the minute we hit the bed. What a great weekend!
CH 9
We didn't have much time to play over the next week, because the girls were in school, and my wife and I were working. We stayed naked around the house like usual, with an occasional blowjob or a quick fuck, but not too much. 
Emily and Carolyn were at school all week, but Carolyn was staying late for some extracurricular activities, so I thought it would be a good time to focus on Emily. 
Emily got home from school on Tuesday, and she stripped naked like she normally does. I was sitting on the couch, and she came over and sat next to me. 
"How was your day, sweetie" I asked
"Good, daddy, but I couldn't stop thinking about last weekend, and your cock."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah daddy, it was so hot this weekend, I loved all the things you did to me, and to Carolyn."
"What did you like the best?" 
"I liked when you suspended Carolyn by all fours and then fucked her while flogging her. I'm not&nbsp; a painslut, but I think that I would like that, just don't whip me as hard."
"Ok sweetie," I said with my cock standing up at attention, "Let's go try it out."
With that, we went upstairs, and I led Emily over to the suspension rack. I got two ankle cuffs and two wrist cuffs, and quickly and methodically suspended her. I picked out a lightweight flogger, and got some lube. I started by licking her pussy to get her warmed up, then started with a few light strokes on her tits and her pussy. 
I thrust my cock into her pussy, and she started to moan. I fucked her slowly and rhythmically as she squirmed against her bonds. I started to whip her again, just slightly, and her pussy tightened on my cock. I pulled out and licked her pussy for a while, her moaning got a little louder and more drawn out. Without warning, I picked up the flogger, and gave her a few light smacks on her tits and her pussy. I quickly stuck my cock back into her pussy and kept fucking her.
Fucking my youngest daughter harder and faster, she was getting close to cumming. 
"Oh daddy, oh daddy, I think I'm going to cum soon." 
I grabbed the flogger yet again, and kept whipping her tits while I was fucking her pussy. I kept thrusting faster and harder, faster and harder, before she came. 
She had a very powerful orgasm that lasted for several minutes it seemed like, before her body fell limp in her bonds. 
I let her down and led her over to the bed. I lay down, and she crawled on top of me to do a little 69. I licked her pussy hard and fast, and she sucked my cock. I felt like she was getting close to another orgasm, and I knew I was getting close. She came first as I was licking her pussy lips and fingering her clit. She came hard, with my cock still buried in her mouth. Her moans on my cock triggered my orgasm and I shot my load into her mouth. Like a good girl, she swallowed every bit of it. We lay there or a few minutes, just kissing and touching each other, and got cleaned up just before Carolyn and Lindsey got home. 
CH 10 
A few weeks later, the girls got out of school for the summer. This was the best thing I could hope for, as I could have them all to myself for a couple months. We would usually just work around the house and relax, with the occasional fuck break, but we had to pace ourselves so we wouldn't get worn out. We had planned a trip, however. The girls and I decided to take a four day camping trip to the mountains East of the Grand Tetons. A friend of mine had told me about a very secluded place at the end of a four wheel drive trail, so crowds and other campers wouldn't be an issue. We took the highway for a few hours, and everything would seem normal to the passerby. The girls were dressed in tank tops and jeans, and I allowed them to wear bras and panties for the time being. When we turned off of the paved highway, this would change. 
I pulled over, asked the girls to get out, and I personally removed their underwear. Lindsey had on a sexy, black bra and matching lace panties. I quickly removed the garments, then she went back into the Jeep. I loved the way her breasts jiggled and swayed through her tank top. Next came the girls. Carolyn was wearing a very sexy green bra and royal blue panties, and Emily had a black bra and pink lace panties. I removed the girls underwear, they put their jeans and their tank tops back on and we all piled back in my Jeep. I tossed the bras in the back and put their panties around the shifter. 
Having the girls strip their underwear off for me and having their panties within arms reach of me gave me an erection as you might expect, and that wouldn't go away any time soon. The road started out as a wide dirt road, with the occasional washboarded section. When I hit these sections, I made sure to look at my girls. Their tits were bouncing and swaying, barely contained by the thin fabric of their tank tops. My cock was harder and harder every minute. When we turned onto the trail, this would get even better. The trail was rough, with lots of big bumps and undulating hills and potholes, so the girls' tits were going everywhere. I swear that my wife's boobs were going to bounce right out of her shirt. Slightly dissapointed, they didn't, and we pulled into the camp spot. 
The spot was awesome! It was a huge meadow, with thick trees all around. The nearest spot was about a mile away, so we didn't have to worry about anyone hearing us. The only spot that people could see from the main road was blocked by my jeep so they would know it was occupied. I had them strip down to just their boots, so they wouldn't hurt their feet, and because it was super sexy. I handcuffed and shackled all three of them, set up the tent and a few other things before we started having some real fun. 
CH 11
After a quick break and a drink, I ordered my three slaves out of their camp chairs and to stand up in a line. It was so hard for me not to bend each of them over and fuck them. I did not, however, because I had other plans. I grabbed some tools out of the jeep, as well as some heavy metal stakes. I grabbed three purple vibrators out of my goody bag. With just a little bit of lube, I stuffed their pussies full and tied them in place with some rope. 
After turning the vibrators, my three ladies started to squirm. I had an afterthought, and quickly locked their handcuffs behind them. I even took the trouble to intertwine them so that they were tied together in one hot mess. I hammered twelve stakes into the ground and put a blanket in the middle. Without saying a word, I walked over, and grabbed my sweet Carolyn hard by the nipple, released her cuffs, and pulled her over to the first blanket. I had her lay down, and with some short strands of rope and tied her spread eagled. The other two were tied the same way shortly after. I sat down and cracked open a cold drink, and watched my beautiful women squirm and writhe in their bonds. 
After I finished my drink, I got up and went to the tent. I grabbed three blindfolds and put them on the girls. I went ahead and took off my clothes and soaked in the sun.&nbsp; A little while later, I went to the tent and grabbed a flogger. Lindsey, Emily and Carolyn didn't know what I was doing, and my sweet Carolyn yelped a bit when I swung the flogger and brought it down on her beautiful tits. She started to squirm as I landed about ten blows in quick succession onto her tits. She started to breathe quicker and moan and squirm. Just as she was about to cum, I reached and shut off the vibrator. I tormented her by paying closer attention to her mom and sister, and leaving her to only hear what was happening. 
I continued to whip my daughter and my wife, alternating between them. I let both of them cum, and then turned off their vibrators. Carolyn lay next to them frustrated with me, and I waited for just a few minutes before I started in on her again. Lindsey and Emily were still tied up, cooling down from their orgasms, when in a quick motion, I turned Carolyn's vibrator on high, and swung the whip hard and fast, alternating between her tits and pussy. I increased the intensity and speed of the hits until she was close to cumming. With one final shot, I stood up, and swung the whip as hard as I could right on her pussy. She came in one massive orgasm, then I let her stew in her own juices, before I released all three of them and went to cook dinner. I opted to have the girls completely free from their bonds and we sat down to rest and eat. 
After dinner, we sat around the campfire for a bit then retired to the tent. I splurged and got a nice, big tent a couple years ago, so the four of us can all sleep in it together. I zipped a couple sleeping bags together, I climbed in first, and my sexy, beautiful girls followed in after. 
To Be Continued



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mountain Man 0511


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





