BDSM Library - Falling in love with a complicated woman - Shruti




Falling in love with a complicated woman - Shruti
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  My adventurous journey with my slutty arrogant wife Shruti






Falling in love with a complicated woman - Shruti (Involves cuckold, voyeurism, humiliation, rough sex and gangbangs)

This story involves multiple themes like Cuckold, slavery, bdsm, rough sex and so on. If any of these offend you, please stop reading. It is going to be a very long story. So you will need patience. As with most of my stories, there will be lots and lots of sex involved. I am from India and my English writing skills are not as good as my foreign counterparts. If you are a grammar nazi, you won't enjoy the story. Some of the themes in the story are part of Indian social system. People from other countries may not understand or like it. Half of the story is true. Remaining half is a product of my imagination. I hope it satisfies your lust. This is a very long story and it takes some time to build up. It is like a novel. Hope you people enjoy it. If you have any comments, please mail me at dilipaish@gmail.com

Chapter 1 (2 YEARS BACK)

My name is dilip. I was 27 years old when it all started. I worked as a tester in a software company in Chennai. We were a small team of 6 people : I , Pandian, Santosh, Bharath, Shruti and Aarthi. 

Pandian - He was a senior engineer. He is a dark, tall hunk aged 32 years. He has a hairy body. He would definitely fit the description for a gorilla. His face is ugly. But he is a professional body builder with a huge chest and strong arms. Other men look like sticks in front of him. He is a pretty rash, arrogant and indecent guy who is basically from slums. He got degree through quota system and then got a job with his friends help. He doesn’t respect women much. He is married yet. 

Santosh - He was the other senior engineer in the team. He is also aged 32 years. He is the husband of Aarthi. He is pretty silent type and decent fellow. Very friendly with everyone in the team. He is 5 feet 7 inch. Normal weight. Looks smart.

Dilip - This is me. As I said. I am 27 mid-level tester. I am 5 feet 8 inch tall lean guy. I am normally an introvert. I won’t talk much with people. I talk only with my close friends

Bharath - He was 22 years old. He just joined our office from college. Very young and naughty guy. Just 5 feet 4 inch tall. Normal weight

Aarthi - 29 years old. Wife of Santosh. Very good character. Looks good too. 5 feet 7 inch tall. Slim. Wears traditional dresses to office. Very funny type. Makes fun of everyone and teases us.

Shruti - 25 years old. She was still entry level engineer. 5 feet 7 inch tall. A typical tamil brahmin woman. Looks slim, but when look at her closely, you will notice that her legs and thighs alone are very fleshy and strong. Her bottom half is definitely a bit bigger than her top half. Don’t mistake it thinking she is a fat woman. She is looks slim in normal dresses. But when she wears tight leggings or jeans, you could notice her legs and thighs are not skinny. They are very fleshy.&nbsp; She has medium sized boobs for her age. They are about the size of an orange.. Her skin complexion and thighs are almost same as actress Shruti Hassan.&nbsp; Hence her name is ironical. She wears salwar kameez, t shirt jeans or tops and skirt. But Shruti has more fleshy legs and is taller than Shruti haasan. Her face is beautiful but brims with attitude.

We have a manager whose name is Vivek. He is a short stout bald guy. No one in our team likes him.

Usually, Aarthi and Santosh hangout together as they are husband and wife. I used to hangout with Pandian and Bharath. As we all were bachelor guys, we used to comment about women in our office and talk about our crushes. Shruti usually had lunch with a lady-friend of her from another team. Everyone in the team hates Shruti more than they hate our manager. Though she talks well with everyone, she is a bit too commanding and egoistic. She played a lot of politics. Only thing people like about her is her appearance and sexiness. She is too dominant and arrogant. Talks like she knows everything. She doesn’t respect everyone. 

All the above said qualities make every guy hate her. But that is not the case with me. I am a guy who likes to keep things with myself. There is a part of me which no one knows. For some reason, I always liked these kind of women more than the calm and homely women. I like women who show attitude. I like women who are arrogant and treat men like shit. Add Shruti’s sexy body and face to it, she was just the perfect woman for me. I was secretly in love with her. There was no way I will be able to tell that to my team mates. Everyone hates her and they will start judging me if I said I was in love with her. 

I had some reservations talking to her. I was not good at having conversations with women. Then one day, fortune favored me. Our team was getting a new project and I was assigned to work on that along with Shruti. My happiness had no bounds that day. I was having lunch with Pandian and Bharat that day.

Pandian - Dilip, looks like you are working with Shruti for a new project our team is taking up. Is that true?

Me - Yes Pandian. It will be a 3 month project. We might have to work during weekends too.

Bharat - So Dilip is the luckiest guy in this group.

Pandian - Ha ha. We can’t be sure about that. The happiness he gets from the visual treat is more than made up by her attitude and arrogance. She will push all the work on him and get all accolades for that. Dilip won’t talk when it matters. I am pretty sure that the bitch is going to use him well and get promotion for herself. Be careful with her dude.

Me - Don’t be too prejudiced. I have talked with her. She seems to be a good person only. 

Pandian - You have not worked with her closely. I have worked with her. I know how that slut works with people. If you are not circumspect, I am pretty sure she will make you pay for it. She will smile in front of you, talk kindly to you and even seduce you to get her work done. But when it all ends, she will project it in such a way that she did all the work. Don’t fall for that

Bharat - That is new information. Did she seduce you? 

Pandian - I wont call that seduction. It was like flirting. She was talking about my body building routine and made some moves here and there trying to touch my biceps and shoulders. I just gave her a cold stare to make it clear that I am not falling for that

Bharath - Don’t lie Pandian. Why would a woman like her seduce an ugly guy like you?

Pandian - She would go with any guy to get her job done

Bharat - Then, you should have used that opportunity. Too bad man

Pandian - Who wants that slut? She looks hot. Yes. But the brahmin bitch has slept with 3 guys so far.

Me - That is going too far. How do you know that?

Pandian - She has slept with 1 guy in her school and 2 guys in college. They were all her boyfriends and she broke up one by one. No one could handle her arrogance and attitude. I know a junior from her college. He told me everything. Eventually, she also decided that boyfriends are just not her thing. Now that she is not having sex for long, she is being hungry and looking around for soft targets. Be careful Dilip.

Me - Come on. These kind of rumors float around about all hot girls in college.

Pandian - I don’t think they are rumors. Seeing the way she behaved with me, I feel that everything I heard is true.

Me -&nbsp; She was friendly and close with you doesn’t mean she was trying to seduce you. 

Pandian - I told you what you need to know. That is my advice. It is up to you to take it or not. Lets go back to work now

I thought about it for sometime that day. But I decided to forget it. I felt that what Pandian told was a lie. I have come across many men like him who hate women. They spread false information about women who they can’t get and get happiness out of it. I liked Shruti and I was not willing to change my opinion based on Pandian’s words.


Chapter 2:

Our project started and I was working closely with Shruti. I am not good with women. All our conversations were mostly work-related. She didn’t make any move with me as Pandian had mentioned before. One thing he told is true. She tried to make me do most of the work. But she projected it like she did it. I was not angry with her in anyway for this. She literally ordered me to do things even though I held a more senior position in the team. 

Life was uneventful until one Friday. We had to work over the weekend. I used that opportunity to get her mobile number. Saturday morning, I planned to make use of the opportunity. I sent her a message asking her when she will reach the office. She told that her two wheeler doesn’t start and she is stuck. I asked her if I can pick her up. She immediately replied “Yes. I was thinking about asking that myself :)”

I literally danced after reading that message. I asked directions to her house and went there. She was dressed in a tight t-shirt and jean. She sat behind me with her legs on both sides. I was wearing my bag. She told that she can carry my bag as she was not carrying hers. She got the bag from me and put it around her shoulders. As I started the bike and travelled for sometime, she bent down a bit and placed her elbows on my shoulders. My heart skipped a beat. She was leaning on my shoulders with her boobs brushing my back. She was totally cool though and talked to me and asked questions about where I come from and asked about my family, education and everything. I was as usual being bad at conversations. I just answered her questions and asked the same questions to her. She could have definitely felt my body shivering with her touch.

We reached the office and we were totally alone there. She looked like a completely different person that day. She was a fun-person to be with. Cracked a lot of jokes. She never had any inhibitions in touching me and teasing me. We did all the work that was needed. It was around 6 PM when we finished the work. She used to address me with respect before. It all changed that day.

Me - What is the plan for Saturday night?

Shruti - Nothing much. Will be pretty boring. How about you?

Me - I also have nothing to do. 

Shruti - Oh. You don’t have any friends to roam around with

Me - There are some friends. But they all have girlfriends to roam around with

Shruti - I see. Shall we go somewhere together?

This was what I have been waiting for. I never had guts to ask a woman out. Here was the woman of my dreams asking me to go out with her.

Me - Ya sure Shruti. How about some movie?

Shruti - Is there any good movie running now?

Me - I don’t think so.

Shruti - Idiot. Then why are you suggesting that? Let us go to beach

Me - Ok. Let us go

We packed up andent to the beach. We had some road side snacks near the beach. Then we went to the sea shore. She folded the bottom end of her jeans tup until her knees. Her smooth fleshy legs and calves were visible completely.That was my weak point. I always had a fetish for women’s legs. Especially the fleshy and smooth ones. She had big round calf muscles. Given that she was tall, her legs were long which made them sexier. She had waxed them and kept them perfectly polished. The brahmin skin made it look shiny even in darkness. She went inside and played in the water. Many guys around us were watching her. I was still sitting at the shore. She compelled me to come inside.

Shruti - Come in Dilip. It is fun

Me - No. I am afraid.

Shruti(in a commanding voice) - You coward bastard. Come in now or I will drag you in

I was stunned by that. She called me bastard at a public place. For some reason, it made me fall in love with her even more. I wanted her to do this. Many people nearby saw her calling me bastard. 

I told her that I wont come. She ran towards me and pulled me by my legs towards the water. I told her “Don’t do this. I will come myself” 

I then stood up and walked till thigh deep water.&nbsp; A wave was coming near. I was about to run. But Shruti hugged me and pushed me into the wave. I was taken for a ride by the wave. I didn’t know what was happening for a minute. Then I was at the shore. She came near me, looked at my face and started laughing.

Shruti - Don’t call yourself a guy. You are so weak

Me - This is my first time. That is why

Shruti - Ha ha. Idiot. Get up now. Let us dry ourselves for sometime and then go home.

Me - Yes. That is a great idea.

I was relived that I didn’t have to do it any longer but sad that we had to go home soon.

She had her jeans up her knees all the time in the beach. I managed to steal glances at her legs all the time. Then I dropped her at home and went to my room. I stay alone in my room. I immediately removed my dresses and started shagging. I was unable to understand what was happening to me? Here was a woman who called me names even though she was much younger to me. For some reason, I was enjoying this. Even worse, I was getting horny every time she scolded me. I was enjoying her looks, her behavior and everything. Was this love or lust?

Chapter 3:

It was the Monday after that weekend. We were at the office and had some work to do. Shruti came to office wearing tight chudi tops and white leggings. She never wore any shawl. Her cute boobs and the very small belly shape were visible on that dress. I couldn’t take my eyes off her. She came to my place and ordered me to do some work for us, cracked an occasional joke and went back to her seat. All I could do was to nod my head and laugh for her jokes and do whatever she asked me to do. Then I went for lunch with my gang

Pandian - So, how was your weekend with Shruti, Dilip?

Me - Nothing much. Just came to office, worked for sometime and went home.

Pandian - Don’t lie. There seems to be some chemistry that developed between both of you.

Bharat - Yes bro. Even I could see that. You both never smiled at each other before. Now, she is cracking jokes with you.

Pandian - She is doing what she does the best. Using her beauty to make Dilip do whatever she needs to do. 

Me - It is not like that. She is also doing her part of work. And regarding chemistry, we were spent the day together at office. We can’t keep talking work stuff all the time. So had some casual conversation and we know each other much better
(I didn’t tell them about the bike journey or the beach visit)

Pandian - Whatever it is. I warn you. Be careful with that bitch. Don’t fall for her antics. That is all I can say.

Me - Don’t worry about that.

Bharat - Leave that aside. Did you see her dressing today. Even normal dresses look too hot on her. At hindsight, she looks slim. But when you see her in such dresses, you notice that she does have a lot of flesh. Especially around her ass and thighs. Pretty different from other modern girls, but way too hotter than them

Pandian - That is typical Brahmin structure dude

(I was feeling uncomfortable. But I didn’t want to show it to them)

Bharat - There are many girls who touch me when I speak. I never get any feelings for them. But if Shruti does that, I get an immediate erection. Isn’t that right Pandian?

Pandian - Ha ha. Yes. She looks hot. No doubt about that. But for some reason, I don’t get horny for arrogant and dominant women like her. My fantasies are always about homely calm women

Bharat - Yes. You are a beast. Don’t know which lady is going to be your victim and suffer at your hands

Pandian - Yes that is true. All these days, I have never shagged even once thinking about Shruti

Bharat - I do it daily

Pandian - Then go and marry her. You can do her for real daily

Bharat - That I wont do. She is 3 years older than me. And as you told, she is arrogant and dominant. Not someone who you can think of as wife. Maybe just a friend with benefits

Pandian - Add that to the list of guys she had sex with before. Imagine the state of the idiot who ends up marrying her. 

Bharat - She should find someone outside the country only to marry her. Anyone who knows her will never let their friends marry her.

Pandian - Looking at how silent Dilip is, it looks like he will be that person

Me - Shut up. You know I don’t talk bad about any women. That is why I am silent

They all had a good laugh at me. That conversation confused me even more. All the things they told made me hesitate about proceeding further. But then, there was a part of me which kept telling me that she was the right person for me.


Chapter 4:

Next weekend came. But we didn’t have to go to office that day. I messaged her in whatsapp just to start a conversation

Me : Hey Shruti

Shruti - Hey Dilip

Me : Is there any work to do today?

Shruti : Nope. We can enjoy the weekend

Me : Oh ok

Shruti : What are your plans?

Me : Nothing. Just being at home and sleeping

Shruti : Wanna go to the beach again? ;P

Me : Why? To drag me into the sea again?

Shruti : Come on. Don’t whine like a kid. 

Me : I am not a kid

Shruti : You behaved like a kid that day 

Me : (Angry smiley)

Shruti : Ok. Shall we go for some mall today then

Me : Ok with me. As long as you won’t push me from the escalator

Shruti : Don’t worry. I will push you from first floor only. It won’t be much painful :P

This time I went to the mall directly. She came in her two-wheeler.

We first went to a fashion store. She saw so many dresses. She tried them one by one. Initially she was just trying-on the jeans and t shirts. She took them to the dressing room. She tried each pair and came out of the room. I was giving comments. She eventually chose one. There was one section with mini skirts. She looked at them. But did not try them.

Me : They look good. Why don’t you try them?

Shruti : Ha ha. I don’t wear such slutty dresses

Me : Come on. I thought you are a modern girl. You consider these dresses slutty.

Shruti : Just kidding. My parents won’t allow such dresses. I am allowed to wear salwar, kameez, full skirts, t shirt jeans.. But mini skirt is a strict no

Me : At least you can just try and see. Nothing wrong with that

Shruti : That sounds like a good idea. But you come near the dressing room. I don’t want anyone else to see me try them

She took a bunch of mini skirts. She went in and came out wearing a blue color skirt covering 3-4th of her thighs. I was stunned at what I saw. The previous week, I had seen her sexy legs. Now I saw her fleshy thighs and her knees. Unlike the knees of other women, her knee was smooth shining and flawless. Her thighs were fleshy and solid. I stood there without reacting to her questions because I couldn’t hear anything that she spoke. She came near me, punched my chest and told “Asshole. Why are you seeing my legs like that?”

Me - Nothing. Just checking your skirt

Shruti - Ok. How is it? 

Me - It is awesome. You should take a photo on this.

Shruti - My mobile is in my handbag. Can you take it in your mobile and send it to me?

I wanted this to happen. I took multiple snaps. Some focussing on her legs. She tried more skirts and we repeated the same thing. In the end, she just came out buying the t shirt and jean. Then we went to the food court and had some food. She bought a veg burger and a pepsi. I bought a chicken burger and a soft drink. It was in a tray. She took her drink and started drinking first. I took my burger and moved the tray. The tray hit her pepsi which spilled on her dress. Her face turned red and she shouted “You stupid. Don’t you have common sense. Can’t you see the drink was on the table? My favorite dress is totally spoilt now. You brainless bastard.”

I was totally shocked. People around were all looking at us. She immediately stood up, went to the washroom, cleaned up and left home without even looking at me. I went home totally disturbed. I thought she will message me and ask sorry to me. But she didn’t. The next Monday, at the office, she was her usual self. Though I was sitting there depressed. She was&nbsp; smiling around making jokes with people. But she just didn’t talk to me anything other than work related stuff. I couldn’t bear being ignored by her. I then went home and couldn’t get a proper sleep. I rolled around the bed. I knew she was too arrogant and she will never accept her mistake. I knew that it would be wrong if I go and talk to her after what she did. But I just couldn’t control myself. I sent a message.

Me - Sorry

Shruti - What made you take so long to ask sorry?

Me - I was afraid you will scold me again

Shruti - Just make sure that you don’t do it again. I am feeling sleepy now. Good night

I didn’t know what to make out of that conversation. I didn’t sleep well that night. The next day at office. She started speaking with me normally again. It was like such a thing never happened. I messaged her in the evening.

Me - Still angry with me?

Shruti - Of course not. You asked sorry right? As long as you accept your mistake and apologize with me, everything is fine

Me - Hmmm. Looks like you got very angry that day.

Shruti - Yes. Felt like slapping you. You should be happy that I left with just a scolding

After a small chat, we both went to sleep. Things were getting complicated day by day. It was my mistake of spilling the drinks on her body. But the way she reacted was way over the limits. I asked sorry for what I did. But she didn’t even feel a little bit bad about the way she shouted. But still I am going behind her like a servant for her. I should not like her after what she did. But I still do. I like her even more than before. What is happening to me? I immediately took my laptop and browsed the internet about such feelings. That is when I found out that I am a submissive man. A man who likes to get dominated and ill-treated by others. It means to yield to the authority of others. In this case, she was the authority. And I was in love with her.

Chapter 5:

The next weekend arrived. This time, we had to go to office both Saturday and Sunday. At the office, we were having lunch. I decided to have a go at her. 

Me - It is boring ya. I am planning to pour this water on you.

Shruti - This time you will definitely get slapped.
 
Me - You are too short tempered

Shruti - You are a dumb fuck. I get angry whenever I do stupid things

Me - That was an accident

Shruti - Are you really planning to justify that? You deserved what you got. Now don’t make me do it again

Me - I know. I bought you something to cool you down

Shruti - What is that?

I took out a bag and gave it to her. She opened it to find the gift I bought her. It was one of the mini-skirts she tried the other day. She smiled at me and told “That is so cute. But how am I even going to wear this? My parents will kill me if they see me in this”

Me - Just have it in your bag. You can wear it on occasions and change back to a different dress when you go home

Shruti - Seriously. This is so sweet of you. I never knew you are such a good friend.

She got up, came near me, bent down and hugged me. One of the best moments in my life. That night I received a text from her “Good night, friend”

We went to office on Sunday. Now she started being a good friend to me. She started talking freely about her personal life and everything. But she stayed away from the topic of boyfriends. She talked about her family and childhood. She asked about my love life.

Me - Do I look like a guy who had girlfriends before?

Shruti - Ha ha. That is correct. You look like a big loser when it comes to women. You are too good a person for women to like you.

Me - Really? Women don’t like good guys

Shruti - Women like good guys. But women don’t like guys who are too good and naive. You seem to be too innocent. Just tell me this. If a girl falls for you, will you ever try to have sex with her?

Me - No. I will never have the guts to do that.

Shruti - This is the reason why women these days won’t like you. We won’t ask you for sex. We will say no when you ask for sex. But it is your job to convince us

Me - Hmmm. So, you tell me about you. How about your love life?

Shruti - Mine? I won’t talk about that. I will tell you when I feel like telling you

Me - This is unfair

Shruti - Ha ha. You could have refused to tell me when I asked you. Moreover, you didn’t have to tell me about your love life. I just had to look at you to find how your love-life would have been. See how innocent you are

Me - That is right. 

Shruti - Ok. Let us go to work.

After that weekend, I was getting really close to Shruti. From what I saw, she did not have any guy much close to her. Meanwhile, Pandian and Bharath kept talking about her body and kept advising me on how bad a person she is. 

One day, Pandian was playing with his bike keys and they fell down. Bharath took them and threw it to Shruti’s place. Shruti took the keys and kept them hidden somewhere. She was wearing tight t shirt and jeans. Pandian asked her for the keys. She acted like she didn’t know it. She had kept her own keys on her desk. Pandian saw that and took her keys and tried to run to his place. Shruti chased him to his place and tried to get her keys. Pandian turned the other side. Shruti hugged him from behind trying to reach the keys at his front. He was a pretty big guy and she couldn’t even reach the front. She was pushing him hard that her body was literally pasted on him. I, Bharath, Santosh and Aarthi were watching this. Pandian slipped and fell down. Still she rolled over him trying to get her keys. They were rolling like lovers. Shruti’s t shirt had gone up a litte showing her white smooth fleshy hips. She plucked the keys from his hand and tried to get up. But he pulled her down and rolled over her. They looked like having sex in missionary position just with the dresses on. Pandian between her legs lying on her. Shruti immediately gave Pandian his keys. He took them and let her away. I knew I will have a hard time during lunch that day.

Bharath started the topic during lunch

Bharath - Pandian. Looks like you wet your pant today.

Pandian - I told you I hate that bitch

Bharath - Then why did you roll on her like that. You almost fucked her in office itself

Pandian - She was the one who rolled over me like that. The bitch made it look like I did it

Bharath - You are so lucky. She definitely has a thing for you. But you are ignoring her always

Pandian - I hate such slutty woman dude

Me - Come on. Just because she fell on you, it doesn’t mean she is behind you and she is slutty. She just wanted her keys.

Pandian - Don’t get angry dude. Why are you supporting that bitch all of a sudden?

Me - Don’t call all women bitch. She is a good friend of me. So stop talking about her like that

Pandian - Cool dude. The slut has used her tricks on you and you fell for them. Don’t believe her.

Bharath - Yes dude. Better stay away from her. You just saw what she did with Pandian

I immediately got up and left the table. That evening they messaged me and apologized and told they won’t talk about her like this anymore.

Chapter 6:

The 6 of our team members were part of a Whatsapp group. We occasionally had some conversations there. Shruti replied rarely to the group. I used to be pretty active in that group. But after that day, I stopped responding to messages in the group. Even our lunch conversations were mostly silent. One day while chatting with Shruti during a weekend at office, she brought up this topic

Shruti - I see you are being weird these days

Me - What? Nothing like that

Shruti - Come on. You know you are bad at telling lies. Now tell what happened. You are not active in the whatsapp group chat. You are not getting along well with Pandian and Bharath. What is happening?

Me - Yes. We had a bad argument that day. Things are pretty weird from that day.

Shruti - What was the argument about?

Me - Leave it. 

Shruti - Come on. I want to know how such close friends started fighting

Me - It was because of you

Shruti - Me?

Me - Yes it was you. 

Shruti - How can I be a reason for a fight between you two?

Me - You don’t want to hear that

Shruti - Come on tell me. Or I will go and ask him directly

Me - Don’t do that. I will tell you. Pandian always talks bad things about you

Shruti - What kind of bad things?

Me - You wont like to hear that

Shruti - Tell me what it is

Me - He says you are a slutty woman and that you have had sex with some guys before. He also says that you are too arrogant. You make guys do most of your work and get accolades for that. Pandian and Bharath say that you are trying to seduce Pandian. 

Shruti stayed silent looking at the floor for sometime

Shruti - Forget what they told. Why did you fight with them for that?

Me - They have been talking like this for a long time. But nowadays I am getting angry when someone talks like that about you. That day, when you were trying to get the keys from her, it looked bit too raunchy. Pandian says that you are doing such things with him to seduce him and that he hates slutty women like you.

Shruti was definitely offended after hearing all this. She asked it again “Still.. Why did you fight with them for me?”

Me - Because I love you. I want to marry you. I couldn’t accept if anyone talks about you like that.

There was a stunned silence for a long time. She went to her place. We didn’t talk to each other that day. We finished our work and went home. We came to office the next day also which was a Sunday. She came to my place and called me for lunch. We went to cafeteria and sat down for lunch. She started the conversation

Shruti - So.. How are you feeling now?

Me - What do you expect? You didn’t reply to me at all

Shruti - Come on dilip. It won’t work out between both of us. 

Me - Why not? We have been good friends for long time. Why can’t we move to the next level?

Shruti - There are some complications

Me - What? You already have a boyfriend?

Shruti - No. You don’t know my true character. 

Me - I know you are short tempered and like to do things your way. I am not worried about that.

Shruti - That is not it. There is another side to me which you should hear about. You got angry with Pandian for telling some things about me. But the point is most of it is true

Me - What are you saying?

Shruti - I think I have to tell you everything about me now. It is up to you to take a decision after that. If you still love me, we could try dating. That doesn’t mean that I accept to marry you. If not we can continue as friends as we are now. If you hate me after that, we can just part ways.

Me - Ok tell me what it is.

Shruti - First, the fact that I have had sex with guys is true. I think you should have guessed that after the conversation we had last week. I have had 3 boyfriends before. One in school and 2 in college. I have had sex with all of them. I am not in relationship with anyone right now. Guys find me hard to handle. I know that I can be authoritarian and bitchy at times. But that is the way I am. I am not going to change for anyone. That is the reason why we broke up

Me - That is fine with me. You should have seen by now that I can ok with that

Shruti - Yes I know that. But you need to know one more thing. I don’t know how to put it. But the truth I am really a sex addict to put it in a decent way. That is what Pandian calls “slutty”. Yes, I am sexually attracted to him. Not just him. Many other guys. It takes a huge effort from my side to actually control myself from jumping all over them. That day when we were fighting for keys, things went a bit out of hands. Right now, I am just satisfying myself with porn videos. I may not be the same all the time though

Me - Now that is heartbreaking for me. Why Pandian of all the people? He is an ugly beast

Shruti - There are certain things which are hard for you to understand. To conclude, everything they spoke about me is true. It is up to you to take a decision

Me - Yes. I definitely need to think about this

We went home. I stayed awake the whole night to think about this. On one side, she is definitely a very difficult person to handle and if my family comes to know any of these things, I am screwed. But I liked the way she was open upfront about her. I have never seen a woman who clearly knows who she is and what she wants. The only thing that bothered me was her lust towards Pandian. I decided to talk about it straight to her the next day. It was a Monday and I didn’t get any personal time with her. I sent her a Whatsapp message asking her to wait at the office gate in the evening. We met there and went to a nearby park.

Shruti - So you took your decision?

Me - Yes

Shruti - What is that? You hate me right?

Me - No. I still love you. I would like to start a relationship with you. But there is just one thing I would like to change about you. Will you able to do that?

Shruti - I have never changed myself for anyone. Tell me what it is. If it is a minor thing. I will try to change

Me - I am ok with the fact that you are a sex addict. You have lust on guys around. But please don’t do anything with Pandian. It gives me a bad feeling. They talk to me on a day to day basis and I feel bad when they talk bad things about you.

Shruti - As I have told. I don’t really have much control on that. I could do my best to avoid it. But I can’t be sure about it

Me - If you could take some effort, that is good enough for me

Shruti - That is it? 

Me - Yes it is. 

I smiled

Shruti - I never thought you would accept this. I thought you would run away from me after you heard everything. But I need to make myself clear here. We are just dating. It doesn’t mean I will marry you. Right now I don’t have any idea of marrying you. Is that fine?

Me - Yes it is fine.

Thus began our love story. She told that she doesn’t want to marry me. Maybe she wanted an alpha male to marry. That is definitely not me. But I was willing to try everything to marry her. After all, she was the best woman I could find for a submissive guy like me.


Chapter 7 :

My life was very pleasant after that. We started having lunch together at office. All my team mates knew what was happening and they decided to stay away from us. But whenever Shruti wore something sexy, they never missed a chance to ogle at her. I didn’t mind that. One new development was that Santosh and Aarthi started having lunch with Pandian and Bharath now a day. Shruti used to talk about other men we used to have hots for. I found that she had some kind of fetish for body builders who looked like bulls. It didn’t matter how ugly they looked. That explains her attraction towards Pandian. She somehow managed to stay away from him for sometime.

I and Shruti had dinner outside pretty often. We roamed around together during weekends. Many incidents like the beach one and the mall one happened again. She used to get angry with me often. I have to go behind her begging for forgiveness. She regularly scolded me using bad words. I never reacted for them. One day she found out what kind of person I am. We were at coffee day having snacks.

Shruti - I asked you to send a mail to the US team yesterday. Did you send that?

Me - Oh. Sorry Shruti. I totally forgot.

Shruti - Don’t give reasons. You are a good for nothing guy. 

Me - I am sorry

Shruti - Shut up asshole. I am tired of hearing your excuses. Why did I even start a relationship with a worthless guy like you?

Me - I will send it tonight. Don’t worry

Shruti - It is already late. They were expecting the report yesterday. You are such a pussy.

Me - Why are you scolding me like this? I told you I am sorry

Shruti suddenly smiled at me and told “It is funny. I have treated you like shit all these days. But you never seemed to get angry about that. You seemed to enjoy that”

Me - So what are you coming to say?

Shruti - This is the very reason why guys usually hate me. I am ill tempered and I disrespect people. But you seem to enjoy these qualities of me. 

Me - Yes. That means I am the perfect guy for you. Will you marry me?

Shruti - Ha ha. I won’t marry a pussy like you.

Me - Too baad. What do you want me to do?

Shruti - Ok. We have been in a relationship for long time. You never thought about seducing me to have sex?

Me - I have told you that is not who I am

Shruti - But that may be the reason why I am not marrying you

Me - If having sex with you means I get to marry you, then I will definitely do it

Shruti - Ha ha. It is not easy dude. I like to have my way around when it applies for sex too.

Me - Meaning?

Shruti - Meaning? You will understand soon. Now, first book a resort for this Saturday. We will go there in the afternoon and stay there till evening 8 PM

Me - Sure dear. Will do it

Shruti - Book and let me know. I will plan for that

I couldn’t believe my luck. Here is a sexy woman asking me to book a resort to have sex with her. But she never talked about it till Saturday. She messaged me on Friday 

Shruti - “Are we on for tomorrow”

Me - “Yes Shruti. We are meeting tomorrow. Eagerly waiting for that :)”

Shruti - “Me too. Don’t dream too much. As with every other thing, This is going to be my way. If anything goes wrong. I will leave you there with an erect dick”

I had an erection as soon as she said that. The fact that she talked about my dick made me horny even though she uses bad words regularly while talking with me. 

Me - Don’t worry dear. I will do anything to make you happy.

At last, that day arrived. We reached there in my two wheeler. She came there wearing tops, full skirt and high heels. The heels made her ass protrude a lot. We were going to the room. There was a swimming pool nearby where a bunch of guys were swimming. They all looked very fit and hot. They kept looking at her. But they didn’t expect Shruti to keep looking at them the way she did. They had their wives near the swimming pool. That meant they had to keep their dicks within their trunks. We reached our room, went inside and closed the door. Shruti just fell on the bed tired as it was a long ride there. I went and slept next to her without knowing what to do. We lay there silently for ten minutes. Then I remembered that she wanted me to seduce her. I kept a hand on her stomach and tried to pull her t shirt up.

That is when she opened her eyes and sat on the bed. She looked at me and told “Get up”

I still remember the stare she gave me that day. I got up from the bed like a robot that was ordered to do so. She was sitting at the edge of the bed with her legs outside and I was standing in front of her. She commanded me to remove my shirt. I removed it and stood topless. She kept one finger on my nose and slowly lowered it around my body with just her nail touching me. She circled around my nipples and then lowered to my navel. She made a push on my navel and then brought down her hands to my pant. She pulled the front of my pant in opposite direction and the button jumped out of it. Then she removed the zip and pushed the pant down. She did all this looking straight at my face. With a dominating look.

I was standing with my pants down to my ankle and just an underwear on. She put her hands inside the underwear and tore it apart. I was definitely not expecting her to behave this way on bed. And I was definitely not expecting myself to enjoy this. As soon as she tore it, my dick stood there in all its glory. Mine is a medium size dick. Not big by any means and not small too. She took it in her hands and started speaking “I knew you will enjoy this. That day, I did some internet search on your behavior. You are a submissive. Aren’t you? ”

Me - Aaaaaaahhhhh..

Shruti - Answer me bastard. You are a submissive slave. Aren’t you?

Telling this she immediately pinched my dick.

Me - Aaaaaahhh. Yes Shruti. I am a submissive slave. 

Shruti - Nice. You are the kind of guy I have been searching for a long time. Now lie down on the floor.

I lay down flat on the floor face up. She was sitting on the bed. She was still wearing her heels. She kept one leg on my dick and the other leg on her chest and stood up putting her entire weight on me. I was feeling the pain. She had pointed heels. My dick was under so much pressure from her weight. Same was the case with my chest also. She then moved up and placed the two heels one on each of my nipples. She then sat on the bed and asked me to sit on the floor and lean to the side of the bed. I was facing away from her and leaning on the bed. She moved and put both her legs on my shoulders while sitting on the bed. This made her skirt move up. I was able to see a part of her legs. Out of instinct, I immediately started smooching and licking those smooth legs. 

Then I saw what she was planning. Her legs went down to reach my dick and balls. She took the dick between both her high heels and started crushing them together while she bent down and held my nipples in her fingers. She began twisting my nipples and pinching them. She was bending down so much that her head was on my shoulders. I just couldn’t handle the pain on my dick and nipples and opened my mouth to shout. That is when she turned her face and kissed me on my mouth. That was the first kiss of my life. Being kissed by this beauty on the mouth made me forget the pain elsewhere in my body. This continued for some time. 

Then she stood up and asked me to get on the bed. She sat on the bed and removed her tops. She sat there wearing a black stylish bra holding her cute white boobs and exposing her sexy shoulders and hot cleavage. Below that was that sexy small belly with so much curves and a hot navel. She pulled my face on her breast and forced me to lick the cleavage. Then she pulled me up, turned the other way, pushed her long hair to the front showing me her back. I understood what she wanted and removed the bra clip. Then she herself pulled the bra off, threw it away and turned towards me. I just couldn’t believe what I was seeing in my front. Dream woman for many guys in our office, sitting topless in front of me. She doesn’t have the structure of a model. But I never liked a model body. I always like them curvy. Here she was with a slim body but with right amount of flesh. Typical brahmin body. Her boobs were not too big. But of perfect size like that of actress Kajal agarwal. The boobs were not solid and stiff. They were just a little bit hanging. The brown small nipples at the tip invited me to bite them.

I bent down to take one nipple into my mouth. She started moaning loudly. It was too loud that I was afraid people outside would hear it. That is when I realized her sex addiction. She lay down flat on the bed and pulled me along with her boobs. I sucked her nipples pretty hard. For every suck she gave loud moans. Then I put one hand on her skirt, removed the knot and put my hand inside her skirt. She started pushing my hand away from there. She pulled my head away from boobs and told “Everything happens my way. Got it?” I nodded my head. She ordered me to first remove my skirt slowly admiring the beauty of her lower body. I climbed down the bed and held the bottom end of her skirt. I pulled it down slowly inch by inch exposing her thighs. Those thighs are the hottest thighs I have ever seen. They were like the thighs of celebrities. She had waxed and maintained them really well. Then came her knees and legs. I have seen them so many times before. They looked extra hot when I saw them along with her thighs. Then I went near her hips to pull down her panties. She was wearing a small black panties which just covered her pussy and the ass crack. I held the string of the panty and pulled it down slowly exposing her gate. It was cleanly groomed without a single hair on it. Her legs were close together and I couldn’t see her pussy yet.

She had her eyes closed and moaned in a shrill voice “Now. Get up. Lick my forehead. Keep licking and move down slowly till my toes. You should have licked every inch of the front part of my body except my pussy” I did as she told. I started with her forehead. Licked them a bit moved down licked her cheeks, nose and then I put my tongue inside her nose. She smiled immediately and told “good job dear”. I then moved down kissed her lips and licked her tongue. Then I moved down to her sexy smooth neck. Her moans started getting louder as I licked her neck and the part above her breasts. Then I circled her breasts with my tongue and slowly teased her before moving to her nipples. The next step was her hips and navel. I held her love handle hard, licked them and bit them. She moaned loudly and raised her ass up out of horniness.

Then I licked her navel for sometime. She put her hands on my head and pulled them to my navel for a long time. Only after licking them for 10 minutes, she left me. Then I moved to my favorite parts - Her thighs and legs. She didn’t have to force me there. I did it myself. I spent lot of time licking the sexy legs and thighs. After finishing my task, I stood up. She just rolled on the bed on to her stomach showing her back side completely. This was a whole different level of beauty. The fleshy curvy back getting leaner near her hips and expanding well in her ass. Her ass was quite a sight to see. Just the perfect size. Looked more like having two rugby balls side by side. Except that her ass was more round. It was a perfect sphere. Totally smooth, shiny and clean. She ordered me to lick the same way in the back too. I did as I was ordered to.

I asked her “I think I have done my tasks to your satisfaction. Can I have a look at your treasure?”

Shruti - Not yet

Me - What else do you want me to do?

Shruti - You didn’t complete the backside task completely

Me - What? I did as you said

Shruti - I told you to lick my backside completely. Did you do it?

Me - Yes I did it

Shruti - You are pissing me off. Shut the fuck and complete the task

She told this, brought her hands to the back and stretched her ass cheeks apart. That is when I understood what she meant. She wanted me to lick her ass hole. I licked her asscheeks but didn’t touch the asshole. I asked her “Should I really do it?”

Shruti - Our relationship ends here if you don’t do it

I didn’t have any other choice. I held my breath and went near her ass. Her asshole was very tiny but her ass crack looked so clean. I decided to take in some breathe. She had maintained it really well. I felt it was not as bad as I expected after all. I put my tongue at the top of her ass crack and moved it slowly down to the bottom and I was about to get up when I felt her hand on my head pushing it back to her ass crack. I again started licking her asshole the same way until she shouted “put your tongue inside you worthless asshole” I started loving the commands she was passing me. I put my tongue inside the asshole told. It was hard to get it in. Only one inch of the tongue went in. I just put my tongue in and out for the 1 inch. She made me do it for an outrageous 15 minutes. Then she let me catch some air and told “Now lick my feet under the toes, clean all the dirt” I did as she ordered. I removed her heels and licked her feet. After that I put her heels back on her feet and looked at her for next order. That is when she stretched her legs apart and showed me her pussy. The tunnel to heaven.

She stoop up swiftly like an animal, caught hold of my hair and pulled me to her pussy. As soon as I started licking, she put her thighs around my neck and locked me in her pussy. She was screaming like a lunatic “Aaaahah.. Suck it., bastard. Lick it well mother fucker… Lick it clean you worthless piece of shit. Aaaah..” She was screaming like she was possessed. I knew she would like it. So I had watched some videos the previous day and learned about cunnilingus. I used all the tricks in the book to satisfy her with my tongue. I saw her body shaking now and then due to her orgasms. That also continued for another 15 minutes.&nbsp; It was one hour since our session started and all I have done is just licking.

Then suddenly. She pushed me to the bed, rolled over me inserted my dick in her pussy and started riding me. I was definitely not expecting that at that time. I used my hands to crush her boobs. She kept moaning “Come on dilip. Fuck me well. You earned this gift. Press my boobs. I am yours now”

That was all I wanted to hear. I pushed her back on the bed. I had her legs on my shoulders and started fucking her pretty hard and rough. She was screaming for every push of me. Her boobs were moving up and down. Her thighs were vibrating. I was putting all my energy into use. I was licking her legs on my shoulders while fucking her hard. Now and then, she lifted herself up to kiss my lips and then she went back to bed and enjoyed the fuck. I was about to cum when she pushed me away and kicked me on to the floor. She jumped on me and gave a really harsh handjob with one hand while crushing my balls with the other. That was the best orgasm I ever had in my life. The cum spurt in air and fell on my belly. I liked the fact that she was able to control her urge and pull me outside when I was about to cum. I was not wearing condoms. I was nervous about my first sex session. I never expected it to be so good. Here I was with the woman who understood who I am. She directed the show to perfection so that both of us are completely satisfied.

I knew we were perfect for each other. Both of us went to the bed to take rest. I looked at her, kissed her and asked “Will you marry me?” She replied “Not yet asshole”

Chapter 8 :

We left the resort after getting some sleep. We had frequent sexual escapades over weekends after that. We changed resorts periodically to avoid getting caught. But all over sessions were similar. Begins with me licking her thoroughly for hours and ends with a ten-minute fuck session. She found new ways to dominate me. She makes me lie down and sit on my face while making me lick my asshole. She even slapped me hard twice. These were some of the best moments in our sex sessions. She wanted to try different positions while fucking. But it was difficult because I was lean and not strong enough to lift her weight completely. Still we both enjoyed it well. Every session ends with me asking her if she will marry me and she saying no.

In the office front, things were going same. People knew we were in a relationship. Our teammates started to speak openly about it. Except Pandian, every one teased us. Pandian still didn’t like her. It was good for me as it is better if he stayed far away from Shruti. If he gets closer, it would be difficult for me to control her.

Things were going fine until one Friday night when we decided to go to a restaurant. We were having dinner and having a conversation when she started feeling uncomfortable. I looked back to find a guy staring at her. I was used to such things. She always invites lots of eyes at public places. She never reacted to it. But this time she was feeling uneasy. I asked her what was happening.

Me - Who is that guy? Why are you feeling so uncomfortable?

Shruti - Nothing. Leave it.

Me - How can I? We are here for a romantic dinner and you just keep staring at him.

Shruti - He is one of my ex-boyfriends.

Me - Oh. If you are feeling difficult, we can switch places. You come this side. 

We switched places. I saw that guy continuously staring at her. He seemed to be very angry with her. I thought their break up was a bit painful and he was still angry with her. After dinner, I asked her to wait outside while I brought my two-wheeler from the parking. It took some time for me to get the bike as another bike was blocking it. When I went outside, her ex-boyfriend was talking to her. He had his mobile in his hand. He moved away from her smiling while Shruti looked at him with tears in her eyes. I went near her. He smiled at me and left. Shruti sat on my bike. I asked her what happened. Not a single word of reply came from her mouth. I dropped her at home. I went home and messaged her asking what happened. She did not reply. I tried calling her. Her number was busy. After one hour, she replied to my message.

Shruti - Hey

Me - Yes Shruti. What happened? I was worried about you.

Shruti - Something bad happened. 

Me - What is it? Tell me. We can solve it together.

Shruti - I don’t know how I will tell this to you. Not sure how you will take this

Me - No matter what it is, I won’t get angry with you. You know that.

Shruti - Ok. I will tell. The guy who we saw in the restaurant was my third and the last boyfriend before you. He was my college mate. His name is Ram. As I told before, we have had sex often.

Me - Yes I know. What is the problem with that?

Shruti - He had taken some videos of me having sex with him. He is blackmailing me now.

Me - What? Why is is he doing this now. It has been years since you broke up right?

Shruti - Yes. But there is something else you didn’t know about. We didn’t break up on mutual consent. He dumped me. You know how dominating I am

Me - Yes. But what does that have to do with it?

Shruti - He got fed up with me and decided to dump me. I was heartbroken and depressed at that time. I was angry with him. When my friends asked the reason for break up, I told a whole different story. I told them that I dumped him. I told them that he is weak on bed and he has a very small dick. I told them that he doesn’t even last for 2 minutes. After that, none of the girls in our college accepted his proposals. He didn’t know the reason behind their refusals. Looks like one of them told that to him recently.

Me - Oh. That is so bad. He should be fuming

Shruti - Yes he is. 

Me - What does he want now?

Shruti - He wants me for a day.

Me - What? Just ask a sorry to him. 

Shruti - I asked. But what I did hurt him much more

Me - Oh. You want me to talk with him

Shruti - Don’t try to be a hero here. He is a big shot. Anything we do will go against us. And he has the video.

Me - So you accepted to sleep with him?

Shruti - If it is just about sleeping, I wouldn’t even ask you. I would have just gone to his house. Why should I ask permission to you?

Me - Then why are you asking me now?

Shruti - He added a clause to it

Me - What is that?

Shruti - He wants you to be with us and watch everything he does

Me - What? Is he mad? Did you say yes to that?

Shruti - I know it is hard on you and I know you will never say yes to this. This is all my mistake. I hit his ego heard. Now he wants to prove his ego and manhood in front of you. I said no to him. He gave me 2 hours time to decide. Just wanted to let you know. If I don’t respond positively, he told the video will be posted on the internet by midnight. My life is screwed. Good night. 

I didn’t reply to that. I didn’t know what to say. I sat and thought about it. I had fell madly in love with her that I couldn’t think of a life without her. But what Ram is asking is outrageous. If he had slept with her separately it would have been comparatively easier for me to digest that. But this was a very hard decision. To watch her having sex with someone was too heard. It was too difficult for me. On the other hand, this would be a golden opportunity for me to prove my love to her. I could prove that I could do anything for her. After lot of contemplation, I took a decision, picked up my mobile and messaged her “YES”

Shruti - What yes?

Me - Tell him “YES”

Shruti - Are you serious?

Me - Yes. You have already had sex with him. This time, I am going to be there. I don’t see a big difference. I will find ways to black out my mind.

Shruti - I don’t know what to say. It may not be as simple as you think

Me - When I told that I love you, I meant it. All your problems are my problems too.

Shruti - I don’t know how to thank you. You are the best thing that happened in my life. I am so much thankful to you. I will call him and tell.

(After 5 minutes)

Shruti - Just informed him. He has promised that if we do it, he won’t blackmail me anymore. He has asked us to come to Mayajaal theater this Sunday at 9 30 AM. He has given me a dress code. You can come in any dress you wish. He told he will let me go back at 8 PM. Pick me up at my home at 8 AM. We can go together

Chapter 9:

It was sunday. I went to her house on time. She told her parents that she was going to office for work. She was wearing something similar to what she was wearing during our first sex session. It was a black t shirt and a full length green skirt. She had so many bangles in her hands. This was new. And this time it was not high heels, but flats. She sat behind me with legs on the same side. I asked her if she tried to change his mind after that. She told that he didn’t even pick up her calls and just sends a message asking her to be there on time. I knew he was not the kind of guy who would forgive her for what she did.

We reached Mayajaal multiplex after one hour of driving. It is closer to the ECR in Chennai which has many beach resorts. I thought he will be taking her to a resort. We waited near the gate. He came there by walk and asked us to park our vehicle inside. I was confused. After parking we went to the gate again. He gave his hands to me and introduced himself like it was a professional conversation “Hi. I am Ram. What is your name?” I replied “I am Dilip” He looked at Shruti and told “How the hell did you end up with this guy? So many better looking manly guys have hots for you and you chose him out of all the people?”
Shruti - Just shut up. He loves me more than he lusts me. There is a difference

Ram - What? How can someone actually love you? Does he know what kind of a bitch you are?

Shruti - He knows me very well. Still he loves me. What is your problem? Just get straight to business

Ram - I have booked tickets for a movie. Let us watch it and then I will tell the plans

Shruti - Movie? Why?

Ram - What? You want to be fucked by me now itself? See Dilip. Your girlfriend is hungry for my dick. Still she has told her friends that I have a small dick

Now I understood why he wanted me here. He wanted to humiliate me and her in front of each other. This day was going to very worse. Look wise, he was way too smart with athletic body. Typical rich family guy with smartly groomed looks wearing ear rings. These guys usually go with girls only for sex. I didn’t know if Shruti knew it before being in relationship with him.

Ram - Ok. Don’t ask too many questions. If you say no to anything, you know what will happen. Now let us get into the cinema hall.

 He had booked tickets for 3 of us for the corner seat of top row. He went to the corner seat and sat there. He asked Shruti to sit next to him and I sat next to her. He was talking very casually for sometime till the movie started. After sometime Shruti also started talking to him normally like a friend. Then the movie started. I was in no mood to watch it. I just wanted the day to end soon.

After 10 minutes, suddenly Shruti held my hands tightly. I turned and looked at her. He had his left hand on her thighs and right hand on her breasts crushing her boobs over the t shirt. She then tried to push his hands away. But he was too forceful. It looked like they were in a fist fight. Her bangles were making noise. So people from the front row turned back hearing the noise. Ram removed his hands and acted like nothing happened. Then he took his mobile and typed some message. Shruti took her mobile and saw a message from Ram. It had a pic of Shruti sleeping nude on a bed. She immediately looked at him and began sobbing silently. But he didn’t mind that and started his job again. This time Shruti didn’t try to stop him. She just held my hand when he was crushing her boobs with both his hands. Then he turned her face towards him and kissed her lips continuously for 15 minutes. The theater was dark and I tried my best to hide this from the people sitting in the same row as us.

I decided to look away from this and watch the movie. After 5 minutes I saw Shruti’s hand loosen the grip on my hand. They were fighting again.. This time he was trying to lift her t shirt. But she was not allowing it. When this was happening. He suddenly put his hands on her skirt and lifted them above her knees. She now tried to put her skirt down. But he put a hand inside her skirt and held her head by her hair in another hand. I couldn’t see what he was doing inside. Shruti stopped fighting and held both armrests of the seats. She closed her eyes and tilted her head above. He was playing with her pussy. He had found her weak spot. What I didn’t expect was that Shruti started moaning. He then waved at me and asked me to close her mouth. I looked at him angrily. He took his mobile and waved at me. I had no other go. I closed her mouth with my palms. Now both his hands were free. He lifted her skirt till her hips. Her sexy thighs and legs were shining even in the dark. For some reason, I got an erection seeing the things happening to her. He stretched her legs apart with and kept them wide open. He slowly inserted her finger inside and started fingering her. This is when I just closed my eyes. She was moaning hard beneath my hands. I know she had reached the summit of ecstasy. Suddenly she stopped moaning and started breathing hard. Ram laughed and smiled at me. I couldn’t understand what happened. Ram took his fingers out and showed me. It was completely covered with her juices. He used that moment and nicely pulled down her panties. Shruti didn’t have the energy to fight.

The panties fell down around her feet. That was when the lights went on for interval. She immediately pushed her skirt down. She bent down to take her panties up. But Ram caught her by his hands and pulled her up. He kept one foot on her panties between her legs and asked her to remove her legs from inside the panties. She did it. He immediately pulled the panties towards him with his legs and took them. He then went out to buy some snacks. Shruti was not able to look straight at my face

Me - What is happening?

Shruti - You know what is happening.

Me - Yes. But why are you reacting to him like this?

Shruti - I have told you, sex is my weakness. After being with me for these many days, you should have known this. Why are you asking like it is new? If he keeps doing like this there is no way I could control.

Me - Don’t worry Shruti. I love you no matter what happens today.

Shruti - I doubt that. I don’t know what are the things he has in his mind. It is going to be difficult for you. I am grateful for you for having been here this long.

Before I could respond he came back with just an icecream bar. The movie started then and he started playing again. He asked me to hold her mouth as usual. He lifted her skirt and started playing with her pussy again with one hand. He had icecream at the other. He took a bite of the icecream bar which had a stick and a ice-cream bar over it. He then put that inside her skirt. Shruti almost jumped from her seat. Both of us had to use all our strength to hold her in the seat. This time, the people sitting front of us found what was happening. They were a old couple. By looking at Ram, they guessed he was some big shot. So they didn’t complain about this. They moved to a different row. This gave Ram more freedom. The icecream stick had gone in her pussy. But icecream was still outside melting. He was collecting all that and pushing it inside her pussy using his fingers. Shruti orgasmed again. He then took the stick out and gave it to me. He motioned towards me to lick it clean. I did as he told. That was the most humiliating thing I ever did. I thought things will be over then.

But he had other plans too. This time he put his hands under her t-shirt. He was first caressing her belly. He slowly lifted her t shirt and without any warning, he just used both his hands to lift her t shirt till her neck. Shruti tried to push it down. But he lifted it and put it over her head. Now her face was covered with her own t shirt. He was holding both her hands. Her bra covered boobs were out in the open. I didn’t know what to do. He asked me to hold one hand. I knew he will blackmail us again if I refuse. I took one hand to my side. He held one hand to the other side. He put his other hand behind her and unhooked he bra. This was outrageous. I held her bra on her boobs and begged him not to do. He immediately whispered in Shruti’s ears “Ask that guy to leave it. You know what will happen” Shruti with her face covered on her to shirt didn’t know how to tell me that. She used her hand which I was holding. She patted my arms slowly to signal that it was OK. I removed my hands and her bra fell down. She had her boobs exposed completely in a theater. I didn’t know I was having erection all the time. What was happening to me? The old guy who moved to a different row looked back and started enjoying the show by stealing occasional glances without the knowledge of his wife.

Now Ram was free to play with her boobs. He sucked them nicely for half an hour. Then he let her t shirt down. Shruti had tears in her eyes. I pulled her head to my chest to console her. But he held her hair and pulled her head to his crotch and asked her to give a blowjob. Shruti obeyed him and removed his zip and took his cock out. That is when I saw his dick for the first time. It was a bit thicker than my cock and about two inches longer. I was filled with envy. He guided the cock into her mouth and pushed her head to and fro making her suck it well. In all the days of my relationship with Shruti, she had never taken my dick in her mouth. Now, she is sucking dick of another guy in front of me. She definitely didn’t enjoy this. After a couple of minutes, he held her to his crotch tightly. It looked like he was cumming in her mouth. He told her to drink it without spilling it. That was the first time she was being forced by a guy to drink cum. She had told me before that she always liked to dominate in sex even with her previous boyfriends. That was one of the many reasons why they couldn’t handle her.

As the blowjob was complete, the movie also finished. We stood up. Shruti asked her bra and panties. He just threw them on the next row empty seats and asked us to start leaving. Shruti stood up. Her nipple impression was visible on her tight t shirt. Even worse was the fact that the pubic area in her skirt was totally wet due to the ice cream play. She tried her best to hide myself behind me when walking outside. We went to the food court and had lunch there. She had so much trouble covering the state she was in. After lunch we moved out. Once we reached the entrance, he asked us to leave the two wheeler there and go in his car.

We reached his car. He threw the keys at me and asked me to drive. He told he will give directions. He asked Shruti to move to the back seat. He moved in with her. He was asked me to drive in the Ecr for around 5 KM. I did as he told. And as expected, he started games with her again. It was surprising to see him get back to act in just 5 minutes after he received blowjob. Again Shruti was resisting this time and shouted “Why are you doing like this? Can’t you wait till you go home? Why are you doing this in public? What if someone sees?”
Ram - No one will see. Just shut up and cooperate. Don’t make me repeat what I can do to you if you don’t obey me.

Shruti just gave up. He asked her to lean on the window and stretch her legs on his laps. She did whatever he told like a robot. He held the sides of her skirts and pulled them down. Then he asked her to remove her t shirt by herself. She did that and sat there covering her boobs with one hand and her pussy with other. Ram laughed and told “What are you hiding them for? I have seen you like this so many times. Come on… Loosen up”

He pulled the hand away from her pussy and bent down to lick it. Shruti began moaning again. I had to increase volume in the music system to avoid hearing that. He did that while giving directions to me occasionally till we reached a bungalow. It was around 3 PM when we reached there. We had to endure 5 more hours. The watchman opened the gates seeing the car. Shruti tried to pick up her dresses seeing the watchman. But Ram reacted before that and took the dress away. I moved the car into the parking space. He casually got out of the car with her clothes and asked me to get out. Shruti was inside nude begging for her clothes. The watchman was looking at us hungrily. Ram asked her to come out and consoled her saying that this place is safe and the watchman won’t mind. Shruti slowly came out with her hands covering her boobs and head bowing down. She was standing out. Her legs and thighs were shaking in fear. I stood near her to hide her from public view. Then we went to the front door. Ram intentionally took a long time to open the door. He was having fun watching Shruti standing nude in the open shivering and restless. 

It took forever for him to open the door. Shruti immediately ran inside. The house was really huge and luxurious. It was completely air conditioned. He led us to a bedroom and asked us to be there. He locked the door and went. I and Shruti looked at each other. We didn’t have anything to say. Ram returned back after 10 minutes. He had so many things in his hands. He had many ropes and a handycam. He asked me to sit on a chair nearby. I did as he said. He brought the ropes and started tying me up. I knew what he was up to. He wanted to fuck her in front of me while I am tied up. After making sure that I can’t move, he did something that surprised everyone. He removed my pant and underwear to my knees. My dick was outside. He laughed seeing that and looked at Shruti “You gave up all other guys for this small dick?”

Shruti bowed down in humiliation. Then he moved towards Shruti with more ropes. He asked her to lie down flat on the bed on her back. He took one hand and tied it to one corner of bed. He then took another hand tied to another corner of the bed. He moved down to her legs and pulled&nbsp; legs her by holding her feet. She was now completely stretched flat on the bed. It was quite a sight to watch. He just admired the view. He then switched on the handycam and took a video of her body from top to bottom inch by inch. He then placed it on a table pointing at her. Shruti asked “You told you will not blackmail me again. Why are you taking a video then?”

Ram - That is for me Bitch. Don’t worry. I won’t use it again to blackmail you. This is the last time I will be seeing you. I am moving to the US in two days. You don’t have to be afraid of me then.

What he told was good to hear. Now, he stretched her legs apart and licked her madly. I was surprised. I thought he will do things to her which she won’t like. But this is something she really loved. She instinctively lifted her legs and wrapped them around his neck. Her moans and screams echoed across the room. Her hands were pulling the ropes and her bangles were making a lot of noise. She was responding like a mad person. After doing it for 10 minutes, he abruptly finished it and stood up. He took the handy cam and stood near the bed. She was focusing on her. She was moaning something which was not audible.

Ram - What is that Shruti? 

Shruti - MMMmmmmm… Noooooo…

Ram - What is it you want to say Shruti? Tell it clearly

Shruti - Do me please

Ram - Do what? I am an innocent guy. I don’t understand such things

Shruti - Fuck me please

Ram - What is the meaning of fuck? I don’t know that. Can you explain

Shruti(Screaming) - Bastard, put your dick in my hole

Ram- Hole? Which hole? Your mouth?

Shruti - In my vagina you irritating asshole

Ram - I can’t come there. You have to take me from here.

Shruti - Then remove the ropes you idiot. Remove it soon

He held the handycam in one hand and removed the ropes one by one. Shruti jumped out of the bed.

Ram - Aaaaahhhh. Not so fast. You have to kneel down first

Shruti kneeled down with her smooth knees on the floor and fleshy thighs looking even more sexy. Her boobs were hanging a bit. Her neck was covered with sweat even in this air conditioned room. He kept the handycam and removed his shirt and stood topless. He took the handycam and moved in front of Shruti who was kneeling down. He focused it on her face.

Ram - Now remove my pants and take my dick in your hands. 

She pulled down both his pant and underwear together very fast. Her face looked like she was possessed by a ghost. She took his erect cock in her hand. This was the first time I was having a clear view of his dick. It was definitely bigger than mine. But it was not really too big. She took that dick to her mouth without being asked to. He pulled her hair and moved her away from his dick

Ram- Easy there lady. Why do you want this dick now? I thought it is so small and you don’t like it

Shruti - No. It is very big and I love it

Ram - But you had told your friends otherwise. 

Shruti - Aiyoooooo.. That was a lie. I love your dick

Ram - Then why did we break up?

Shruti - Because I am a bitch. I am not good enough for you. You dumped me

Ram - Now. Why don’t you ask for your boyfriend’s dick? Why are you asking my dick?

Shruti looked at me sadly. She didn’t know what to reply

Ram - Now give me the answer I am expecting or I you will be thrown out of this bungalow nude

Shruti - Because your dick is bigger than my current boyfriend

Ram - Tell it loudly and clearly with his name

Shruti(Loudly) - Because your dick is bigger than that of Dilip

Ram - That is my girl. Now follow me like a dog on all fours

He walked towards me pushing away his dress. This is the first time I have seen another man completely nude. He came near me and focussed his handycam on his dick and my dick alternately.

Ram - Shruti. Come here and see. Looks like your great boyfriend is having a massive erection seeing you being ravaged by me. 

Shruti - It is because he saw my body

Ram - Ha ha. This sissy guy loves to watch his girlfriend enjoyed by other people

Shruti - Stop teasing him and just fuck me

Ram - Oh.. I can’t dance as per your wish. First there is one condition

Shruti - What condition? I will do anything to get fucked now.

Ram - You should let me fuck your ass. Only then I will fuck your pussy

Shruti - What? That is disgusting. I will never do such a thing in my life

Ram - Ok then. You get what you deserve

He held her hair, dragged her to the bed and tied her like that again. This time he used two more ropes. He pulled her legs up till her head. She was literally bent into half. Her ass was up in the air. Her legs were on both sides of her shoulders. He tied her legs to her hands in that position. Her pussy and ass were totally exposed. He sat in front of her ass with the handycam and started playing with her pussy again. He circled with his fingers around her pussy. Shruti was screaming and trying to roll. Her ass was quite a view in that position. He could have easily fucked her in the ass at that time. But he wanted her to ask for it. He teased her for around 15 minutes. Shruti gave up eventually and moaned “Okay.. Do it”

Ram - Do what?

Shruti - Fuck me at the back

Ram - What back? I don’t understand

Shruti - Fuck me in my asshole, you asshole

Ram - Ha ha.. I told you I don’t understand fuck

Shruti - Put your dick into my asshole, you motherfucker

Ram - That is good. But you are from a traditional, pure and well behaved brahmin family. Is it ok if you have anal sex?

Shruti - It is ok. I am a slut from the brahmin family.

He untied her and went outside the bed again. He asked her to kneel like a dog and show her ass to him and beg him to fuck her ass. She jumped like a monkey to the floor, went on all fours. Showed her ass towards him, moved backwards, looked down at the floor and shouted “Please put your cock in my asshole Ram. I want it badly”

Ram - I don’t have any lubricant with me. Is it ok? It will be too painful

Shruti - I don’t mind the pain. Just shut up and put your dick in

Ram - Your asshole is virgin asshole and too tight. It will be paining so much the first time. 

Shruti - Ahhhh.. Don’t play with me. I want it in my ass immediately. Do it please.

Ram - Why are you begging me like this?

Shruti - Ok. I know what you want. I am begging you because your cock is the greatest cock I have seen in my life. I will do anything for it. I am unfortunate to have missed out on your dick. This is my change to get fucked by it once. I will go to any extent for that. This is what you want right? Please do it

Ram - That’s like a good bitch. Here we go.

He held her hair and pushed her head on the bed. She was kneeling down near the bed facing the bed and her head pushed on it by his hand. Ram kneeled before her, he kept the camera on the floor pointing their asses. He kept the tip of the dick on her asshole and gave a gentle push. She screamed in pain. She definitely was not expecting anal sex to be so painful. Tears rolled down her eyes. Ram shouted “Don’t shout bitch. Not even a single inch went in”

He was trying hard. But it was not going in. He was able to push only 2 inches. He had 5 inches remaining. But Shruti couldn’t take it anymore. She hit his guts with her elbow, pushed him and fell down flat on the floor face down. He mounted on her and lay over her back. They were lying full stretch on the floor. This position was more comfortable for him. He positioned his dick on her asshole. He then stretched her hands on both sides on the floor and made sure she can’t move. He lifted his ass up and stayed in pushups position. He used all his power to push his dick in. Shruti was squirming like a goat being slaughtered. She grit her teeth hard and was crying continuously begging him to stop. A couple of bangles broke due to his hands holding her tightly. But he was in no mood to stop it. He tried his best and it went in for 5 inches. There were 2 inches remaining. But he didn’t have the energy to push the remaining 2 inches.

He started to and fro motion with the 5 inches. It was still paining for Shruti but she gave up her fight. Now he made her stand up and pushed her to the wall and fucked her ass like that. He came in just 5 minutes. Shruti collapsed on the floor. But still she was moaning something

Ram - What is that bitch?

Shruti - Please….

Ram - What?

Shruti - Please do my pussy too.. I did everything you asked me to

I was shell-shocked hearing that. I understood what she meant when she told she was a sex addict.

Ram - I just came dear. You have to get my dick up again

Shruti - What you want me to do?

Ram - You don’t know that? Suck it bitch

He was sitting on the bed. She crawled to him and started sucking his dick in the kneeling position. It just took another 20 minutes to get it back erect. Now, he lifted her and threw her on the bed like a rag doll. he jumped over her, stretched her legs apart and put his dick on her pussy. She put her legs around his hips and her hands around his neck and screamed “Don’t tease me anymore and do it” Saying this she herself lifted her ass and took his dick in. He couldn’t control anymore and began his fucking. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. My hot girlfriend is here getting fucked by her ex in the most intense sex I have ever seen before. He was fucking her faster than a pornstar. For every push, the bed was shaking and she was screaming “Aaaaahhhh. Yesssssss….. That is sooooooo fasttt… I loveeee thissss…. MMmm… DO it fucker.. DO it fucker…..” 

The bangles made clanking sound for every push. She was pushing her hips to match his rhythm. He crushed her boobs roughly with one hand while fucking her. Shruti was in heights of ecstasy. She orgasmed multiple times. I saw her eyeballs roll over when she orgasmed. This was probably her best orgasm in a long time

He kissed her lips very aggressively. It looked more like he was biting her lips while fucking her. Both of them were sweating hard. He was a fair guy too. It was too hot to watch both their bodies wet with their sweat and pinned together. That was when he was about to cum. Shruti regained her senses and tried to push him away. But he was too strong for her. She was pushing his chest. But he hugged her tightly and cummed deep inside. All her horniness went away and she began crying “Why did you do that? “

Ram - Don’t cry and irritate me. Just enjoy the moment. I have tablets for this bought from US. Just have one before leaving.

Shruti lay there sobbing. Ram stood up and went somewhere. Amidst all the mess, no body noticed that I had cum seeing that. What was happening? I knew what was happening. Just the previous day, I was watching some porn videos in a website. There was a video where the husband lets his wife fuck another man and gets pleasure out of it. I am that guy. I know the technical term for that. I am a CUCKOLD. I am a SUBMISSIVE CUCKOLD MALE.

Shruti fell asleep nude. Ram came after a long time. He seemed to have eaten something. He looked energetic again. This time Shruti was not much upto it. She was so tired already. But he was much more aggressive. He fucked her like a bull in the same position for a long time and leaked his cum again inside her. Then he stood up, untied me, and asked us to get ready. He threw Shruti’s dress on my face. I immediately ran to Shruti. There she was lying motionless on the bed with cum dripping from her pussy and some dried cum on her thighs. The bed was totally wet due to cum and sweat. I sat next to her. She tried to sit up. I helped her up and kissed her. 

Shruti broke the kiss and asked “Do you still love me?”

Me - Yes Shruti. I love you no matter what

Shruti - I saw that you had leaked while he was doing me

Me - Yes. I am sorry for that

Shruti - Don’t ask sorry. You love me for what I am, right?

Me - Yes Shruti. Promise..

Shruti - Then, will you marry me?

I had butterflies flying in my stomach. The answer just slipped out of my tongue..”YES”

Chapter 10:

We dressed up after that. Shruti had difficulties walking properly after that ass fuck. She took pills given by Ram. He dropped us in his car back at mayajaal. She slept on my lap at the back of the car. He dropped us and left without even speaking a word. We didn’t hear from him after that. We went to a restaurant. She used the rest room to clean and dry her skirt. She was still feeling the pain in her ass. We were having dinner.

Me - Did you really mean it?

Shruti - Mean what?

Me - Asking me to marry you?

Shruti - I don’t joke around in these things. If I say something I mean it

Me - Nice. Can we speak to our parents about this?

Shruti - Sure. My parents won’t like it definitely. But they can’t go against my wish. 

Me - I can convince my parents somehow

Shruti - So I end up being with a cuckold husband

I spilled the food from my mouth and started coughing

Shruti - I know that. I had my doubts before. I just confirmed it today

Me - Apparently you like that too

Shruti - Ha ha. These things are ok to have as fantasies. Within we two of us, we can enjoy as much as possible with such fantasies. But we should not let anyone else know

Me - Not a problem for me. You should be the one to take efforts for that and stay away from guys like Pandian

Shruti - Yes. That is true. It will be even more difficult now especially after knowing that my husband is a cuckold. There is absolutely no strong reason that could hold me from seducing other men

Me - We should first find an individual house instead of apartment. It will be difficult to keep you under control in an apartment atmosphere

Shruti - Wow.. What an understanding husband I have got?

She smiled with her face which was totally tired. I dropped her at her house. Things happened pretty fast after that. We informed our parents. After so many hurdles and obstacles, we fixed our marriage date. We went out and had sex often before marriage. But all sessions followed the same template of licking for a long time and fucking for a short time. Only change was that I was able to lick deeper into her ass now and she seemed to enjoy it lot more. That meant I had to lick her asshole much longer than usual.

We informed our team in our whatsapp group. Everyone including Pandian replied saying that they are happy for us. Not sure how many people actually meant it. Now that we are going to be husband and wife anyway, they asked us to join the team to have lunch. So, we six of us started having lunch together from that day and we got on well as friends. They teased us for hiding our love from them even though they knew that we were in a relationship. 

Then our marriage happened. We went to Goa for honeymoon. I bought her many mini skirts for the trip. I knew she loved them but didn’t get a chance to wear them in Chennai. In Goa, she was free to wear them all. We took many photos and kept them to ourselves. She sent some of the marriage and honeymoon pics in our team whatsapp group. The honeymoon pics had her wearing mini skirts showing her legs and thighs. 

I was in bed when she sent those messages. I looked at her and told “Right now, all the guys in the group would be shagging seeing those pictures”

Shruti - Oh really? Then I will send more pictures

Me - Stop that now

Shruti - Just kidding. Shall I ask you something?

Me - What?

Shruti - Will Pandian also shag seeing these pictures?

Me - Aaaah.. Here we go. Don’t start that again

Shruti - Just curious pa..

Me - No.. He hates you still. Let it be that way

Shruti - You jealous pig. You let me watch my ex boyfriend fuck the shit out of me and cummed seeing that. But you won’t let me tease this one guy

Me(blushing) - That is different

Shruti - Ha ha.. Accept it. You are a cuckold. If somehow, Pandian ends up fucking me, you will only enjoy it

Me - No. Anyone but him. Let us drop that topic now.

Shruti - Come on. You are seeing Aarthi with lust. Did I show any concern?

Me - What are you talking about?

Shruti - Don’t act. You son of a bitch. I know you steal glances at her now and then

Me - Ha ha. I should be careful next time

Shruti - Don’t worry. I am not jealous like you.

Me - Come on. I have the ability to control myself. Not like you.

Shruti - Hmmm.. Ok. You got me there. Too bad to know that Pandian still hates me

Me - But Bharath will be surely shagging for you now

Shruti - Ha ha. He is quite a funny guy. I didn’t know he had so much lust over me

Me - He has

As soon as I told that Bharath replied to the group with a smiley. We had a good laugh seeing that and started our daily fuck session.

Chapter 11:

Life was fun for many days. We really got on well with our team. Though Bharath and Pandian were talking to us, they were not so close. But Santhosh and Aarthi were really close with us. The fact that they were also married meant we had so much in common to discuss about. We were talking openly about sex also. They were a lovable couple. There was so much love between them just like between us. One friday evening, everyone left the office. We were having a discussion with them at Santosh’s place.

Santosh - Do you have plans for weekends?

Me - No dude. Maybe watch a movie and go to beach. Nothing much of a plan right now. What about you?

Santosh - We usually play poker with some people every saturday night. Other than that, we might watch movies too

Shruti - Wow. With whom? We also love to play. Can we join?

Me - Yes bro.. Can we join?

Aarthi (smiling) - Ha ha. That is not for fun. We play with money. Lot of money involved

Shruti - Oh.. How much?

Santosh - We bet around 1 Lakh rupees

Shruti - Yes. That is a small amount for you people. You guys are rich. But big amount for us

Santosh - It is up to you. If you decide to join us, let us know

Aarthi - No dear.. That won’t be right

Aarthi felt a bit nervous. She then stopped the conversation abruptly and they left. That evening we reached home and had sex. We were lying nude on the bed when she started talking about it:

Shruti - Dear hubby. Shall I ask you something?

Me - Wow.. Kind words from my bitchy wife. What is it?

Shruti - Shall we go to play poker with them?

Me - It is 1 lakh dear. Not a small amount

Shruti - Yes. But I have 1 Lakh in my account saved from two years of work. I want to give it a shot

Me - Ok. It is your money. Your wish dear. Have I ever spoken against you?

Shruti - Thank you dear. We should play it together. You play the cards. I will give you ideas by sitting with you.

Me - One condition though. 

Shruti - What?

Me - Some people get addicted to it. If you feel like we are losing money, we should get out of it immediately

Shruti - You are such a pussy. Why are you so afraid? I am not an idiot to lose all money to it

Me - I hope so

The next day I called Santosh and told that we are willing to come. He was hesitant initially. He told he will call us back. After one hour, he called us and asked us to meet them in a coffee day that evening. Shruti chose to wear a kurta and jean that day. Aarthi came there wearing her usual salwar kameez. We bought a coffee, some snacks and sat together. Santosh started the conversation

Santosh - Good to hear that you want to join us. But before taking you there, I want to make some ground rules clear

Shruti - What is that?

Santosh - There are totally 4 people playing there including me. The other 3 are big shots. They are old people. One guy is Babu aged 50 years, one guy Rajni aged 62 years and another guy is Vikram age 65 years.

Me - They are so old

Santosh - Yes. But they are all businessmen with huge political background. So don’t mess with them

Me- Why are we going to mess with them?

Santosh - Just saying. For one thing, you have to give the money upfront. They are people with good ethics. So you don’t have to worry about getting cheated

Shruti - Sounds like interesting people.. ha ha..

Santosh - Yes. But they are very serious in this. It may be fun for you. They take gambling seriously

Me - I get that

Santosh - They have their bodyguards there. You should be careful about what you do

Shruti - Got it.. Shall we just go there? I am feeling more interested in it now

We followed his car to a big house. There were 3 bodyguards at the door who frisked us for weapons. We went inside. The three men were sitting around a table having drinks. They introduced themselves. They all were very old but looked like decent people. They were wearing formal wear. 

Santosh introduced us to all of them. They talked like thorough professionals and they were very friendly. They had us seated and we started playing. The game was going on well. Shruti sat on a chair behind me and Aarthi sat behind Santosh. Everyone was cracking jokes. Most of the time, Santosh was the butt of all jokes. They were saying he is so bad in Poker and lost lots of money. Santosh didn’t seem to like all those jokes. But he was still playing. We had a pretty normal session that day. We didn’t win much. But we also didn’t lose much.

We liked the environment there. We had booze and all there for free. So we became regular visitors there and became friendly with them. After some weeks we started to win a lot. We used many strategies and we made another 1 lakh rupees there. Meanwhile Santosh kept losing.

One day, We won a lot of money. The 3 old men didn’t lose much. But Santosh lost all the money he brought. He was totally frustrated. Babu was making fun of him “This guy will not win even if he plays with his wife as bet”. Rajni and Vikram laughed out loudly for a long time. I didn’t know how to react. Santosh was red faced. He told “Ok. I bet my wife”. Everyone was surprised

Aarthi - What are you doing?

Santosh - Do you trust me?

Aarthi - How can I ? You have been losing continuously. 

Santosh - Is it ok if these guys make fun of your husband like that? Won’t you be supportive to me

Aarthi - But this is outrageous. I am not an object to be bet on

Rajni - See guys. Even his wife doesn’t trust him. He is bad in just poker? Or also on bed?

This comment was too much for them to handle

Aarthi - Don’t talk a single word bad about him. I trust him. I will do anything for him. Do it Santosh. I will be on your side

Then the game started. It was a close game. Rajni, Babu and vikram folded earlier. It was a face off between me and santosh. After a thrilling contest, I won. I jumped and danced. Santosh looked at me and said “You are not going to ask my wife. Are you?”

Me - Come on. A bet is a bet. You lost. Your wife is mine now

Babu - Yes. We won’t let anyone cheat under our roof. Time is 6 PM now. Let Shruti play for Dilip. We can continue our game while Dilip can enjoy with your wife till we finish the games at 10 PM. You can choose to watch our game or his game. Ha ha ha..

I looked at Shruti . She winked at me and smiled. 

Rajni - Your wife gave a green signal. What are you waiting for? Take her to that bedroom. Enjoy till you can

I lifted her in my hands and went to the bedroom which was very luxurious. I threw her on the bed. She tried to run away. 

Aarthi - Don’t you feel ashamed to try to fuck your friend’s wife

Me - That doesn’t matter. I have had my eyes on you for a long time. Now I got chance to fuck you. Just shut up and get what I give

Aarthi - Remember. I am not enjoying this by any means.. You will feel like you are fucking a doll

I went down on her. Pulled her salwar knot and removed her salwar. She was wearing a old fashioned underwear. Her legs were slim but very white and creamy. I pulled her panties down. She was lying on the bed like a statue without movement. She was just looking up on the ceiling. I then made her to sit up and removed her tops and bra. She just sat there motionless. But her body was too hot for me to concentrate on her expressions. She had boobs bit smaller than Shruti but they were very firm. Not fleshy and hanging like those of Shruti. She had flat abs. Her structure was almost similar to actress Shriya. I licked her and bit her madly. I bit everywhere. Except an occasional painful moan, she stayed silent. 

I decided to excite her by licking. I moved down, stretched her legs apart. Her cunt was not shaved. There was a small bush. I put my fingers in her pussy and started fingering her. I also put my tongue inside and licked her for a long long time. She just lay there like a stone. I got pissed off. There I was doing, everything possible to get her excited about it. She was insulting me by not responding to anything. I decided to take revenge. I carried her on my shoulders, and opened the bedroom door and went to the place where they were playing. Everyone was stunned to see me carrying Aarthi totally nude there. I just put her on the table where they were playing. Aarthi tried to run away. But I held her on to the table. Shruti helped me hold her. Santosh was in a savage mood. He raised to beat me up. But the bodyguards ran in and tied him to a chair. 

Now I could concentrate on Aarthi without any disturbance. I pinned her to the table and finger fucked her pussy non- stop. She was moaning hard. I wanted to emulate what Ram did to Shruti. I wanted her to beg me to fuck her. But she was too resilient for me. I tried licking her everywhere and teasing her. Though she was excited and was moaning. She never asked me to fuck her. She just kept silent. This was irritating me. I tried every trick I had for almost an hour. She held resistance. I even licked her ass. Everyone around me was surprised except Shruti. She knew I was trying to do what Ram did to her. She knew I never felt bad about licking ass. But all this with no effect. I asked Aarthi “Do you want to fuck me?” She just stayed silent. Eventually I had to give up and fuck her without waiting for her to ask me to. I tried to be as rough as possible. I jumped on her on the table, pulled down my pants, stretched her legs apart and fucked her with all the energy I had. For every push, she was moving some inches backwards on the table. Such was my madness on her.

Shruti took out her mobile phone to take pictures of this. But Rajni immediately took the phone from her. He told what happens here should not go out.

I didn’t mind any of that and kept fucking Aarthi roughly. We moved and moved and moved and eventually we rolled down from the table and fell down. She was trying to run away from me. But I held her legs, pulled her towards me and fucked her raw in her pussy. Santosh was shouting “You mad bastard. Don’t you know to handle women? Stop this immediately”

His words made me even more mad. I pulled her hair, lifted her head up and spit on her face while fucking her roughly and eventually I came in her pussy while she was crying hard “Noooooo.. Not inside….” After that, I wore my pants. Shruti asked Rajni “Am I allowed to have a go at her? Is it allowed within the rules?” 
Rajni - Of course, you and your husband are a team. You have another hour to use her. Do whatever you want.

Shruti held Aarthi’s hair with her hands and dragged her on the floor towards the bedroom and locked the door. I had no clue what she had in mind. She opened the door after half an hour, borrowed my belt and went in. She&nbsp; came out after another half an hour and told we can leave. The guards untied Santosh. He went inside the bedroom and brought Aarthi. She was unable to walk properly. She was sobbing non stop. We thought it was the right time to leave. We bid them goodbye and left. On the way home I asked her what she did. She told “As usual, I made her lick my body for half an hour. After that, I had spanked her ass with your belt. I asked if she had anal sex before. She said no. I broke her anal virginity”

Me - With what?

Shruti - Just fingers. She overreacted for that. But I managed to put in all my 5 fingers into her eventually. 

Me - Would that have been more painful than when Ram fucked your ass?

Shruti - Quite possible. With Ram, I accepted my fate and tried my best to accommodate his cock in my ass. But Aarthi was trying to resist it. That is a bad thing when it comes to anal sex.

Me - Oh. They must be having so much of rage on us now.

Shruti - Yup. Don’t know how we are going to face them in office again

Me - Yeah. If they know how we managed to defeat him all the time, they will definitely kill us

Shruti - Ha ha. We are doing this for a long time. I don’t think we will ever get caught

Chapter 12

Unlike what we thought, things did not go too bad. We were surprised to find that Santosh and Aarthi became friends with us again and started talking normally so soon. We still continued to use a cheating method to win money now and then and lose occasionally so that they were not suspicious about us.&nbsp; 

It was just another Saturday. Just another game of poker. We were playing a game. Shruti who was sitting next to me went to have some water and then came back to her seat. She was wearing her favorite t-shirt and full-skirt. Vikram who was playing cards gave some sort of a signal to the guards. They immediately locked the doors. Rajni got up from the place and went near a flower vase that was kept behind him and Santosh. He took out something small from near the vase. He threw it on the table, stared at us and asked “Can you people explain this?”

Me - I don’t get it. What is this? 

Santosh - Don’t act mother-fucker. We know what you two have been doing here

Shruti - Why are you getting angry Santosh? We don’t understand what you people are talking about

Babu - Enough acting slut. We had doubts on from the day you people defeated Santosh when he had bet Aarthi. The kind of moves you made would be possible only if you had known his cards beforehand. We set cameras above us to record and then observe what you people are doing

Rajni - As we caught in the videos, Shruti goes to drink water after a couple of games everyday and places this small camera there and you people start winning immediately

Me - Rajni. Something is wrong here. We definitely didn’t do that

Vikram - Ok. This will only make us more angry. We are already filled with so much rage. Now you are talking like we are all idiots and you can tell anything. We have a video recording of everything you did. This fucking camera has a bluetooth connectivity to your phone where you can see the cards we have and you people play based on that. I have got to give it to you. That was one heck of an idea.

Yes. That was one heck of an idea. Shruti came up with the idea. Though I was against it, she somehow convinced me to do it. 

Babu - You people have had enough fun cheating us all these days. Now it is our time to give it back. 

Me - Sorry Babu. We will try to return all the money tomorrow

Babu - Money? It is never about the money. It is about integrity. You people destroyed the integrity of this place. You used such cheap tricks not just to win money. But also to fuck this woman. Imagine the rage which Santosh will be having now.

Shruti - We are extremely sorry. We became greedy. We will return all the money and never look back. 

Vikram - Sorry. Sorry in words is not enough. We have plans to make you feel sorry throughout this weekend

Me - Sir. You are very powerful people. We made a big mistake by doing this. We repent for it

Babu - Ha ha. You will repent even more tonight. You should be double careful when you are gambling with us. You have to be even more careful when you are bringing a trophy wife like yours

Rajni - Yeah. Do you even know the kind of effect your wife has on men? Every man gets an erection seeing her. Given a small chance, they will use it. And you are taking such stupid risks while bringing her to play poker. You are really out of your mind

Santosh - This bitch has been a huge cock teaser in office too. There are so many people there who are looking for a chance to fuck her. It is just her bitchy attitude that keeps men away from her. If not she would have been our company prostitute

Vikram - Who will not have lust on such a hot bodied brahmin bitch. I have fucked so many women in my life. But not a single Brahmin woman. I have heard a lot about the performance of Brahmin women on bed. At last we have got a chance to experience that

Things were getting out of hands now. I stood up to do something. The truth is I didn’t have anything to do in my mind. But the guards pounced on me, punched me in the stomach and I fell down. They dragged me to the bedroom. While they were dragging me, I saw that Babu the 50 year old guy pushed Shruti to the table. She was leaning on it. Santosh jumped on the table and held her hands behind. Babu pulled down his pants and raised Shruti’ skirt. That was when the bedroom door locked and I was alone in the bedroom. 

I could hear them converse and laugh. But I couldn’t hear them clear enough to make out the words. From time to time, I also heard Shruti’s voice. After 15 minutes, the door opened. Rajni came inside laughing and told “Dilip. You should really see this. ” 
He took me outside. Shruti was lying there with her t shirt totally torn apart in the front and her bra missing. I saw that the bra, her panties and her skirt were down on the floor. She was on the table wearing nothing but the torn t shirt she was wearing which was as good as being naked. Santosh was holding her hands. Babu was kneeling on the table without pants and doing something with her pussy. Vikram was playing with her boobs. Shruti was closing her eyes and rolling on both sides alternately. Babu was holding her ankles firmly. I understood what had happened. These guys managed to get her horny. Now, she is going to beg them to fuck

Shruti - “Aaaahh. That is sooooo good.. Somebody fuck me”

Babu - We are really old people. How will a hot iyer woman like you let us fuck you? 

Shruti - Age is not a matter. I just need a dick. Even if he is 100 year old ugly tribal person, I don’t mind.. Pleeeeaasssee.. Give meeeee some.. Aaaaa

Babu - Still our bodies are old, wrinkled and ugly to see. You will find our body disgusting

Shruti - Aaaaaaahhhh. Nothing is disgusting if you put your dick in my pussy. Please shut up and do it

Babu - Bitch. Your husband is standing here. You are asking us to fuck you

Shruti - That is fine

Babu - How is that fine

Shruti - He doesn’t bother about these things. Now just stop this nonsense and fuck me

Babu - Oh. He doesn’t bother. Guards.. Tie this loser on the chair just like you tied Santosh. Let the asshole die seeing how much his slut wife loves other peoples cock

Santosh - That sounds like a plan. What an opportunity to take a revenge?

Babu - Yes Santosh. Hearing what you said this bitch did to your wife, I feel that she should be allowed to take revenge first. Come on Aarthi. Do you want to tear her ass?

Aarthi - No uncle. I have other plans. I had planned this already. 

(She took a HD camera from her bag and switched it on)

Me - No. This is against the rules. Do whatever you want. But please don’t record it

Rajni - Rules are for people who follow rules. Not for you cheaters. You do whatever you want Aarthi. We are here to support you

Babu- Yes. Enough talking let us begin the show

Aarthi took her camera and started recording the video. She went near Shruti and covered her top to bottom, inch by inch. Shruti was just closing her eyes and moaning “please fuck me.. Please fuck me” Aarthi made sure that every inch of her body is covered. She then placed the camera on the table, rolled her around and removed the torn tops to make her completely nude. Now she was covering behind her from top to bottom

Vikram - I have to say this bitch has a beautiful back. Look at the back of her thighs and ass. That ass is a perfect hemisphere. So soft, so smooth. And her back too. Aaaaaahhhh.. Not a single line or scratch on her skin. Brahmin bitches are quite a thing. So sad that we never tasted them before

Rajni - Better late than never.

Shruti - Aaaaaahhh.. Please stop talking you old bastards.. Who is going to do me first?

Babu - Rajni was the one who found out that you are cheating. So, we get to fuck you because of him only. He has the right to go first

Rajni - Wow.. Thanks Babu for giving me to have the first go at this slutty pig

Rajni was in formals as usuals. He removed his dresses one by one standing next to the table. That was one of the ugliest sights I have ever seen. A 62 year old guy with all wrinkles and white hair on his body, a hanging belly. I couldn’t even see his body continuously for more than a minute. But Shruti saw him and immediately put her hand on his dick and pulled him towards her.

Shruti - Please sir.. Mount me soon sir.. I badly need it

Rajni - Bitch. I am still a old man. Don’t give me a heart attack. I already almost had an attack seeing you nude. I will do it at my pace.

Shruti looked like she was possessed by a ghost. Aarthi was covering every word she uttered. I was seated near her feet. I had a clear view of her pussy. Rajni had difficulty climbing the table. He was helped by Santosh and Babu. He climbed it and settled between her legs. She sat upright, took his dick, placed it near her pussy. Then she put her hands around her neck and lied back. She was pulling him in with all her power. Rajni was nervous and tried his best to match her. Shruti put her legs also around his ass and locked him. It was more like Shruti was raping Rajni. Rajni could not stand it for long. He almost sprayed the cum inside her pussy. But Shruti was alert about that even when she was totally out of control. The moment she felt his dick spasming, she sat up and pulled the dick out.. He sprayed it on her cute small belly.

Shruti - Next guy please.. And for fuck sake, this house doesn’t even have a condom?

The guards went and took a couple of condom boxes. Babu was the next one to go. He was with a better health. Though he was not ugly as rajni, he was still old. He mounted her on the same position. While he was fucking, Shruti pulled his head and kissed him on his lips like lovers. That was too much for me. Kissing such an old man with such lust is definitely too much. That was when I came in my pants. Santosh saw this. He shouted “Aaaaaahhh. Look at this, guys. Someone has actually enjoyed the whole show while his wife is getting ravaged by men”

Aarthi - Wow. Here I come. That will be a nice scene to have in this video we are making

Aarthi came to me, pulled my wet pant down and pulled my underwear a bit to open it up. There was a liter of sperm there. 

Aarthi - You pussy. You didn’t even cum this much when you actually fucked me. So watching your wife getting fucked gives you the hots

Me - Please stop this. You have taken enough revenge already

Aarthi - Ha ha. This is a big joke.. Just hear what your trophy wife is saying

Shruti - Aaaaahhh.. Don’t stop.. Don’t stop.. Please… Do it faster.. Do it faster

Aarthi - You guys make a really good pair. I envy you

Santosh - Yes dear. Slut wife and a sissy husband. Perfect combination

Meanwhile we heard Babu reach his orgasm. Now Shruti was little tired. I saw tears rolling down her eyes. She was regaining her senses.. She tried to get up from the table and get away. But Babu pinned her down..

Shruti - Please leave me. This is a mistake. I have satisfied you two. Leave me now.. It is wrong

Vikram - Bitch. You still have 2 dicks to satisfy. Now shut up and spread your legs. If not, we will slap you to death

Rajni and Babu who were already spent, held each of her leg apart while Vikram just pulled down his pants. It is good that he didn’t get completely nude. He was older than Rajni and this guy looked even more ugly. He didn’t take more than 2 minutes to cum. Next in line was Santosh. He opened his pants and took his dick out. It was around 4 inch long. It was shorter than mine.

Shruti looked at that and gave a wicked smile. 

Santosh - What are you smiling about, slut?

Shruti - What is that? Dick or a broken half pencil?

That was a huge insult. He looked at her with rage.

Shruti - What are you getting angry about? We should give an award to Aarthi for having survived so long without even knowing what a penis really looks like

Aarthi came near her, held Shruti’s hair and lifted it near her face.

Aarthi - Bitch. We are not sex starved assholes like you. We really love each other. Sex is not everything for us. You are definitely going to pay for all the things you said.

Aarthi just held her hair and dragged her out of the table. Shruti fell on the floor with a thud. She rolled Shruti and made her be in doggy pose. Santosh took position behind her.

Aarthi - Come on Santosh. Make the bitch scream

Shruti - Scream? Ha ha.. you know.. Even those old men had longer dicks

That is when Santosh pushed his dick in her ass straight. Though it was a smaller dick compared to Shruti’s ex boyfriend, Ram’s dick, she had taken Ram’s dick till only 5 inches in the ass and her asshole was untouched for so many days. This was definitely painful for her. She just fell down from the doggy position after his push. Aarthi lifted her up and focussed the camera close to her face. Shruti made it a point that she doesn’t shed tears now. She controlled herself from crying and screaming in pain. But he was pushing roughly. The pain was visible in her eyes. She kept her head on the floor with her ass up. Now her rectum had adjusted to his dick. He was fucking her freely. He came in her ass and fell aside. There was a silence for around 15 minutes. Shruti stood up and came near to me to untie me.

Shruti - Come.. Let us go home

Babu - What the fuck? Who told you are allowed to go home. You are our property for tonight and tomorrow also. Now shut up and get ready for the next round

Shruti - Please. I couldn’t take it anymore. Let us go home. We made a mistake and we paid for it. 

Babu - You people have been cheating us for weeks. Ideally, we should have your for at least one month here. We are being generous by fucking you only for one day. So shut up and get into the bedroom. We will fuck you one by one while others will be playing poker. Aarthi will play the extra hand to compensate

The body guards dragged her to the bedroom and tied her hands to the bed. From where I was seated, I could just see the lower half of her body. They continued playing poker. First Rajni went in and closed the door. Shruti’s moans were heard periodically. This time he took more than 15 minutes to finish. I couldn’t see anything inside. But I could hear his scream. Then the door opened. Shruti had her knees lifted up and tilted to opposite sides. Next round was Vikram. He did it with the door open. Shruti had her legs in air while he was fucking her. Then Babu went in and fucked her behind closed door after which Santhosh went in. When Santhosh went in, Shruti was laying there limp. She was totally spent. He tried to roll her. But her hands were tied. Still he managed to roll her half way to get access to her asshole again. She was laying on her side with her hands twisted. He fucked her asshole from behind her. He came out after 10 minutes.

Santhosh - The bitch is not reacting at all. She is too exhausted. We have to make her eat something. Only then it will be satisfying for us

Babu - Yes. True. Especially her voice.. It is so sexy to hear her moan or scream

Rajni - Man I just love her legs and thighs. See how she has maintained them. Fleshy, curvy and smooth. 

Vikram - Enough praising her. Let us get to the business and give her some food

Santhosh - What do we do with this bastard?

Rajni - It is waste to have him here. He had seen enough already. We will let him go home. Let him imagine what would be happening here. That will be more painful than watching what happens for real

Vikram - So true. Let him suffer alone at his home

Babu - I am sure you are smart enough to know that going to police will only put you in a difficult situation

I bowed my head in humiliation. He signaled the guards who untied me and took me to my car. I drove the car home. they followed me to home to make sure that I was not going anywhere else. I woke up in the morning to find so many messages on whatsapp. They were from Santosh. The first pic showed Shruti being tied nude to the table and food being served on her nude body. They had kept hot food all over her body and they were eating that. The food was smoking hot. After that there was a photo of Shruti licking food from the floor. She was eating like how a dog eats. Santhosh was fucking her from behind while she was eating. The next picture showed Shruti being forced to drink whiskey. Then there were multiple pictures of Shruti being fucked by everyone in different angles. Only Santosh kept fucking her ass. Others used her pussy and mouth. Next was a video of Shruti dancing nude for an item song. As she was drunk she was dancing senseless.&nbsp; The guys joined her occasionally and pinched her ass and pussy while she was dancing. They had humiliated her to the core. The last photo was Shruti sleeping on the floor totally exhausted. Her body was covered with so much of food, sperm and sweat. I ordered food to eat for me. I was restless throughout the morning. After lunch I dozed off. At around 8 PM, I heard the bell ring.

I opened it to find the bodyguards standing there holding Shruti by her shoulders on either side. What bothered me even more was that Shruti was completely nude. I looked around to check if anyone was there. Luckily we were staying in an individual house. They had parked the car inside and taken her out of the ca. She was also pitch drunk and kept blabbering something. I held her and took her to the bathroom. The guards left without saying a word. In the bathroom I switched on the light. She was bleeding a bit from her lips. Her pussy and ass region were dark red. She has definitely received a pounding for the last 24 hours. She moaned “Those guards are good guys. Babu instructed them not to fuck me. They followed his words very well. They just played with my boobs, ass and got a hand-job from me.. Ha ha ha.. Very good guys.. Very good guys”

She collapsed after saying that. I cleaned her well, soaped her up and carried her to our bedroom. The next day I woke up to see her lying on my chest and sobbing.

Chapter 13
The next day I woke up to see her lying on my chest and sobbing. I caressed her head, kissed her forehead.

Me - Why are you crying dear? Still worried about the weekend?

Shruti - Mmmmmmm.. My life is screwed

Me - Don’t worry dear. It is a one-time thing. We won’t go there again

Shruti - That is not the problem now.

Me - Then what is the problem?

Shruti gave her phone to me with whatsapp open. It showed our office team group conversation. This is how the conversation went

Aarthi - I have a puzzle for you guys 

Bharath - Wow. This is new in this group. We never posted puzzles or forward messages here

Aarthi - This is not a forward message or some random stupid puzzle. This is a puzzle which only we can solve

Bharath - Yeah.. I am pretty bored here. I would like to solve some puzzles

Pandian - Yes.. Me too :)

Aarthi - (Sends a picture of Shruti lying nude on the table with just the face covered)

Aarthi - Find who she is

Bharath - No idea who she is. But I am already being uncomfortable. If you know what I mean :)

Pandian - Looks so sexy and curvy like actress Shruti hassan. But the girl in the photo looks taller

Aarthi - Ha ha ha. Ok next clue. (Sends a pic with Shruti hugging Rajni tightly while getting fucked. Again with face hidden)

Bharath - Shit man. Such a beautiful woman having sex with such a old man. That too she seems to be loving it

Pandian - Wow.. Way too slutty.. Who is this dirty bitch?

Aarthi - That is what I am asking you. No idea?

Bharath - No idea

Aarthi - You guys are just so dumb. Here is the next clue. (This picture had Shruti dancing nude for the song)

Pandian - Lol. She looks like a high class slut with such a sexy body. But she is behaving like a cheap item

Bharath - Ya. Her body and activities are sending totally opposite messages. Acts more like a cheap prostitute

Aarthi - Lol.. You guys are right about her character. Now try to find her soon. This is another clue (This picture had Shruti in doggy pose with Santosh fucking her ass from behind. Both their faces were hidden)

Pandian - Wait a minute. I think I know her

Bharath - What are you saying Pandian? You could find a girl just by seeing her ass?

Pandian - Shut up. I think I found out who she is. But I am not sure. It may get ugly if I get it wrong

Aarthi - Ha ha. I think you are having the right answer

Pandian - Hmmm.. Let me confirm. Did I say half her name already in the chat(He talked about Shruti hassan)

Aarthi - Ha ha.. You got it

Pandian - Oh my god.. Is it real? When did this happen?

Aarthi - Over this weekend

Bharath - I still don’t understand this

Pandian - Because you are a brainless kid. Go back to school

Aarthi - Ha ha.. Seriously how did you find out it was her?

Pandian - There are certain things I have observed about her which you people didn’t

Bharath - Guys.. Enough of this suspense. Tell me who it is

Aarthi - Ok kid. Don’t cry. Here are the original pics. She sent the original pics with face visible

Bharath - (Surprise smiley)

Pandian - Now, Bharath will run to bathroom :D :D

Bharath - As though you are not

Pandian - You know I don’t like her

Aarthi - Shut up Pandian. You just commented about her body before you knew it was her

Pandian - Ha ha. Once I knew it was her, her arrogant attitude took away my erection :)

Aarthi - Yeah. Now tell how you identified her

Pandian - Guys. She shows off her body a lot with tight dresses. So, the first thing that came to my mind was Shruti’s name when I saw the body. I have seen her well toned legs once she came in full skirt and she was sitting with one leg over the other. But the biggest clue was something else. 

Bharath - What? You are the one who fucked her?

Pandian - Shut up asshole. That will never happen. Remember the day we were fighting for keys? At that time, while rolling around, her tops moved a bit upwards and I saw a small mole at the backside of her hips. Also check the visible mole on her neck in the photo. Too big a coincidence for it to be a different person than her

Aarthi - Wow.. Let us give a huge round of applause to the Sherlock Holmes of our group

Pandian - :)

Bharath - Looks like Santhosh had a nice weekend then :)

Aarthi - Ya. Of course

Santhosh - YES DUDE. I HAD&nbsp; AND I LOOK FORWARD TO THE UPCOMING WEEKENDS :)

Pandian - And Dilip had a very bad weekend

Aarthi - From what I saw he also had a nice weekend

Pandian - What are you saying?

Aarthi - It is complicated. I will explain later

Bharath - Now tell who are the other guys and what actually happened during this weekend?

Aarthi - It is getting late guys. We need to get ready for office. Let us talk about this at the office

I finished reading the messages and looked at Shruti. She cried and hugged me “I am so sorry. I gave the stupid idea of using the camera. ”

Me - It is ok dear. Forget it. Let us focus on the future and see how to solve this problem

Shruti - If it was just forced sex, it is not a problem. The truth is I enjoyed it. I am sorry Dilip. Now I will look like a slut to you. It is all captured in her video. It is clearly visible that I am asking for it

Me - Don’t be too hard on yourself. You are a honest person. You openly told me about this when I proposed you. I knew what I was getting into, when I married you. I will stand by you and help you till the very end

Shruti - I love you dear. I have the best husband in the world

She kissed me on my lips. We got ready for the office. She used her make up kit to make sure that nothing is quite visible on her face.

Chapter 14

We came to office and found that no one was at the desk. I got a call from Bharath number asking me to come to a conference room nearby. I thought there was some meeting. I went there with Shruti. Shruti was dressed in a conservative salwar kameez. As soon as we entered, everyone on the room applauded. There were Santhosh, Aarthi, Bharath and Pandian. They told that our manager was on leave and they can do what they want. I turned to the other side to find a video being projected. It was none other than the video which Aarthi took over the weekend.

Santhosh - What are you looking at? It is a 24 hour video. I have tried my best to remove unwanted portion. But every scene was too good to be cut off. You know she slept only for 2 hours? No one allowed her to sleep continuously. Everyone woke her up and fucked her whenever they wanted and your cute sexy high-class professional brahmin wife made sure that no one was disappointed. Look at her involvement and interest in sucking that old man’s dick. 

We both immediately got up to leave. But Santhosh blocked us on the way and said “You guys want to get it telecast in our office cafeteria? Now sit down and enjoy the show with us”

We sat next to each other. Santosh told that he had already narrated the events leading to the sex session on Saturday

Pandian - You guys deserve what you got. 

The scene they were watching was where I was ejaculating my sperm while Shruti was getting fucked. Shruti looked at me surprised. Turns out that she was not aware of it as she was getting fucked at that time and she didn’t have a clue of what was happening around. Aarthi moved her chair next to me. Santhosh moved his chair next to Shruti. Bharath and Pandian were sitting opposite to us

Aarthi : I bet you 100 Rs that Dilip will be having a hard-on right now watching his wife being fucked on tv 

Santosh - I bet you 200 Rs that Shruti’s nipples would be erect now and her pussy would be wet now after seeing her body being ravished by old men

Pandian - Fuck you two. I knew what kind of a bitch she was even before this incident. What surprised me was Dilip’s reaction to all this. Are you a cuckold Dilip?

I stayed silent bowing down my head

Bharath - What is a cuckold, bro?

Pandian - You are a kid. Get out of this room first

Bharath - Come on brother. Tell me.. I already watched lot of porn. So I can watch this also

Pandian - Cuckold is a wasteful shameless sissy guy who likes to watch his wife being fucked by other men

Bharath - Wow. Isn’t this just what Dilip proved to us in the video?

I remained silent

Pandian - Now I understood why he wanted to marry her even though he knew she was a bitch. The bitch even tried to seduce me multiple times. But I didn’t fall for her

Everyone looked at Shruti

Bharath - Yes Shruti. Now tell us the truth. Is it true that you were actually seeing Pandian with lust?

Shruti also bowed her head down like I did

Santhosh - Should I remind you that you need to answer every question we ask and do everything we ask you to do?

Shruti noded her head 

Bharath - Does that mean a yes? Did you really have lust on him

Shruti noded again

Bharath - That is so crappy. How can anyone lust after an ugly beast like him. Yes he looks like a hunk. But look at the amount of hair coming out of his chest. He is like a bear

Aarthi - Shut up Bharath. Slutty women like her always want hunks like him. No matter how ugly they look. They just need strong bodies to which they can surrender

Bharath - Ha ha. I didn’t know that. So, cute girls like you will like men like me?

Aarthi - Good joke. You are a bit too short for girls’ expectations. Add your childish behavior to that, you always look like a little brother to everyone. No one will love you or lust you

Bharath - You hit me under my belt

Santosh - Guys. Let us stop this non sense and continue watching this epic fuck

He fast forwarded some of the scenes. They had played poker till midnight. Till that they were taking turns to go to the bedroom and fuck her. Shruti was so exhausted. Then they had given her a lot to eat and drink. Then they brought some mattresses to the room where they were playing poker. They joined all of them together so that all can sleep side by side. There were many mattresses. So, they didn’t have to struggle for space. Shruti was asked to sleep in a corner. Aarthi was next to her and Santosh after her. Others slept to the next of Santosh. Aarthi had her camera switched on and facing Shruti. Once the night started for them, Shruti fell asleep due to tiredness. But she was never allowed to sleep for more than half an hour continuously. Someone from the men went there, pulled down her bed sheet, spread her legs and fucked her. It was non stop fucking for her. Aarthi used the camera to focus on things whenever she woke up hearing the sound. 

Shruti was allowed to sleep for 2 hours in the morning. Then she was woken up and taken to bathroom and placed in a bathtub. Everyone took bath with her and fucked her in the bath tub. Then she was forced to drink whiskey. That had increased her horniness. As a result, she was on fire the whole day pulling people to fuck her. She was fucked in almost every room in that house. Bharath stepped out from the room twice to go to restroom and masturbate. Pandian kept looking at Shruti and gave a smirk. The fact that Shruti accepted her lust for him was just a big boost for his ego. The bastard kept looking at her and me as though he pitied both of us. He came to Shruti and told “No matter how much you try. You can’t get me”

Shruti - I don’t want you. Yes, I had lust on you. That doesn’t mean I can’t live with out you

Pandian smiled and walked away saying “Let us see that”

Lunch was even more painful. Santhosh and Bharath sat on either side of Shruti. They made fun of both of us throughout. They kept their hands on Shruti freely. It is not like they didn’t do it before. But it was a friendly touch before. These touches were very different. Touching the shoulders is different from pressing the shoulders. A pat on the thighs is different from pressing the thighs continuously. Bharath was doing this pretty often. Shruti was clearly uncomfortable with all this and that was visible in her face. 

The rest of the week was no different. Our manager was back from Tuesday. Bharath was acting like a brat ever since then. He often went to Shruti’s place, pressed her boobs and ran away. This was just irritating. Whenever we were having lunch or having tea, he made it a point to put hands on her shoulders, hips or thighs whenever possible. We didn’t know how long we can survive this. But Pandian was at his usual cool. Except the occasional verbal humiliation, he maintained that he hated her and never tried to take advantage of Shruti. 

Chapter 15

It was Friday lunch time. We were talking about weekend plans. 

Santosh - Shruti.. Come with us in our car today. You are spending tonight with me.

Shruti - What? I can’t do that

Santosh - You don’t have the right to refuse. Aarthi has allowed me to use you one day per week. As we will be busy on Saturday playing poker and Sunday shopping, Friday nights are the best bet. I want you to be with me every Friday night. That’s the deal. 

Shruti - What happened that night, was a one-time thing. You people had enough fun. Be professional like Babu and his friends. They never disturbed me after that

Santosh - Because they didn’t have to watch their wives fucked in front of them. Yes, we had fun. But don’t say you didn’t have fun. 

Bharath - Aaaaahhh. That’s a good point.. Shruti, remember the orgasm you had when one of the old men was fucking you. Your whole body was shaking like you were given an electric shock. I still remember the way you screamed that time. That was the loudest orgasm i have ever seen heard in porn. You sounded like a dinosaur in Jurassic park

Shruti punched on Bharath’s shoulders playfully and laughed. That left everyone in surprise. All these days, Shruti was angry and depressed with what was happening. But she took this joke in the right spirit and even laughed for it. I didn’t know how to react there. Everyone looked at each other but decided not to talk about it.

Santosh - So, I take it that you are coming with us today. From next week, call me Friday morning and ask me what to wear

Bharath - Wow. So, Shruti is moving on from being a hidden slut to a professional prostitute today

Pandian - She was never a hidden slut. Whole world knew she was a slut. Just that no body approached her except our Dilip here

Aarthi - There is one more thing for you guys. 

Bharath - What is that?

Aarthi - Whoever wants to watch it can call us on Skype. We can put a conference video call. You can watch Shruti getting fucked by my husband live. It is mandatory for Dilip. He must call us and watch it on camera while it is optional for others. But who would miss the chance to watch it live? This will be a regular event from today. All Friday nights are going to be like this

Pandian - Wow. I would love to watch this bitch get fucked mercilessly. Show no mercy, Santosh

Santosh - I will do my best Pandian

Bharath - So I can cancel subscription to pornhub from now. Who needs to watch foreign chicks getting banged when I could watch an Indian hot brahmin newlywed wife being fucked?

Aarthi - Mind your words. I am also a brahmin. Not all brahmins are sluts like her

Me - Guys. Can you stop this? Don’t you think you guys are going overboard. You are blackmailing us into&nbsp; this. Santosh’s proposal was outrageous in itself. She is my wife, not a whore. But putting skype conference is way too much. I can’t handle it

Pandian - Why? You will wet your pants watching it like you did last weekend?

Everyone erupted to a loud laughter. I didn’t have anything to say. People got up from lunch and went to do their work.

It was evening. Pandian and Bharath got Aarthi’s skype id and left. Santosh came to Shruti’s place and told her it was time to leave. Shruti packed everything, gave a sad look at me and followed Santosh.

Aarthi came to my desk and alerted me “You have to login to skype. Remember? Now get your ass home immediately”

I also packed my things and followed them. I saw them getting into their car. Aarthi was driving. Shruti and Santosh got into the back seat. We had to travel for around 15 minutes in the same route. We were stuck in a signal. Their car was standing to my left. All the windows were closed initially. Aarthi lowered the window on her side and smiled at me. She turned back, talked something and laughed. She extended hand and got something. She threw it into my car window. It was Shruti’s t shirt. Next she threw Shruti’s bra similarly. She then turned back and laughed for sometimes. It looked like Shruti was resisting a bit. But eventually, her jean did come off but along with her panties. Aarthi threw them into my car. The signal went green. Suddenly, Santosh lowered his car window and called me out. I turned to find Shruti sitting nude on seat and Santosh was pinching and rotating her nipples. Shruti was moaning hard trying to push his hands away from her. I was able to&nbsp; hear her voice. Then his windows went up and they left. The cars behind me started honking and I went to my house.

I got a message in the Whatsapp group from Aarthi“Guys.. call this skipe id - XXXXXX.. The show starts in 5 minutes”

I opened my laptop and called the number. I observed that I did not have any guilty or bad feeling when I was about to call the number. On the other hand, I was excited. Watching Shruti enjoyed by Santosh in their car actually gave me an erection. Am I coming out of cuckold fantasies and becoming a real life cuckold? I already was a cuckold once to Ram and Shruti. But that happened for one day only. I had no idea when this was going to end. The call connected

Pandian and Bharath had already joined. They were waiting eagerly. The camera in Aarthi’s laptop was pointing to their house door. Aarthi was near the door smiling at the camera. She started a count down.. 5..4..3..2..1 and then opened the door. Santosh entered carrying Shruti on his two hands. Shruti was completely naked as I saw in the car. She had turned her head towards his head out of shyness. Aarthi went near her and turned her face towards the camera. Bharath and Pandian applauded. It was actually quite a sight to watch. Shruti’s curves appeared amazingly beautiful when he carried her in his arms. Especially her hips and her ass which was protruding downwards. Her legs stretched straight to the other side.

He carried her to his bedroom. Aarthi followed them with her laptop. The room was dark. Aarthi switched on a colorful lamp just to make sure that things or visible for us and also romantic for them. She also gave him a condom. What happened after that was 30 minutes of non-stop fucking in missionary and doggy positions. He used missionary to fuck her pussy and doggy style to fuck her ass. While fucking in missionary position, he had her legs around his hips initially and then he kept them on both of&nbsp; his shoulders. He turned and licked her legs while fucking her. He told “I have to say. Your legs are too sexy. Tough for anyone to resist licking” Shruti’s face was moaning as usual. But her moans were mostly subdued. They were a bit louder during anal fuck. But otherwise they were not much heard. This was because his dick size was small. Bharath and Pandian were continuing their jokes on how much she actually enjoyed it and what a slut she was. After sometime, Aarthi helped them out by holding Shruti’s ankles and lifting her so that her ass gets lifted and Santosh gets access to her asshole by sitting in front of her. Both reached orgasm when he fucked her in that position. Santosh rolled away from her and hugged aarthi. All three of them went to sleep. Bharath and Pandian were pissed off about this

Bharath - What the fuck man? Is that it?

Pandian - Yeah. Even dilip would be capable of fucking her faster than you did. You don’t know how to use her

Bharath - Yes. You should have made her scream, faint and beg to stop fucking. The bitch deserves that

Santosh - Shut up. If you want, you guys take her and do whatever you want.

Bharath and pandian smiled. They said good night, logged off and I went to sleep. 

I crashed into the bed and began contemplating. Things were going way too far. Just two weeks back we were a good well-disciplined couple keeping all our kinks to ourselves. And now, things have taken a huge turn. It was hard for Shruti to keep herself under control all those days after our marriage. She managed to do it. But what happened during the poker game had opened the flood gates. I knew it was hard to get things back to where they were before. I felt bad about Shruti. But I was not angry with her. After all, that was her character. She had told about this the moment I proposed her. I didn’t have the right to complain about her. I loved her. It was my duty to save her and protect her. Not to throw her away. Even if she had acted like she didn’t like it when she was being fucked by the old men, Santosh would have used the video anyway to blackmail her into this mess. Trying to cheat during the games for money was a big mistake. I should have avoided that even thought Shruti was the one who came up with the idea. Treating Aarthi the way I did when I won her in the poker game was an even bigger mistake. All the mistakes were mine. Shruti was always vulnerable to such things and she just did what was expected from her under the circumstances. 

Now that she had started being a part of this, I had many questions. Was she enjoying all this? Given a chance, was she willing to get out of this altogether? There was another question which came across my mind at that time. But I knew the answer immediately. The question was “Was I enjoying watching her being fucked like this?” The answer: I was having a hard-on while thinking about that.


Chapter 16

I heard the calling bell early morning at 5 o clock. I opened to find Shruti standing nude in front of the door. She entered immediately and jumped on me like a monkey. I carried her to our bedroom, put her on the bed. She pulled my head to her pussy. I licked it. Then she turned around without speaking a single word. I knew she wanted me to lick her ass. I saw Santosh’s dried cum inside her asscrack. She made me lick them. I hesitated first as this was the first time I as tasting another man’s cum. Also to taste it from my wife’s ass was a bit too much. Shruti pushed me to the bed and sat on my face. She forced me to lick it. Then we had our usual style of sex in which she orgasmed multiple times. We lay on the bed panting

Me - Dear

Shruti - Yes

Me - How do you feel about this whole thing?

Shruti - Which whole thing?

Me - Things happening at the office, the way Santosh and Aarthi are treating you

Shruti - Ya. They are abusing the video they have. We need to stop it soon

Me - Do you mean it?

Shruti - Mean what?

Me - Do you really want to stop all this? Tell it from your heart

Shruti - Why are you asking such questions, Dilip? I don’t want this to continue

Me - There is a part of me which says you are enjoying all of this

Shruti - No dear.. It is not like that.. Ohh.. Wait a minute. Are you liking this by any chance? I feel your cuckold instincts have taken over you. I even have a proof. You had cum when Babu was fucking me

Me - I have proof of your moans throughout the sex session. So don’t try to blame me alone

Shruti(smiling) - You know what? Let us be open. We both are actually enjoying this. 

Me - Yes. But there is a part of me which says things are getting dangerous

Shruti - Yes. It should not go out of hand. Though I enjoy it, my brain says that it should stop. This is not the right thing to do. Especially when they are smooching me at office and opening me up at public places. Those things make me horny. But they are dangerous too

Me - Thank god, you understood it. I thought it would be difficult to get you out of it. I thought you may not want to

Shruti - Yes, I am a sex addict and I am enjoying it when they do things to me. But I am always aware that this is totally wrong and will definitely pull in so many problems for us.

Me - Yes. We should come up with a plan to somehow get out of this trap. There is one more thing I wanted to say. Hope you don’t get angry. You are getting dangerously close to Pandian which is against our agreement

Shruti - Come on. What is wrong with you? I have slept with guys older than your father. That doesn’t bother you. But flirting with Pandian does? You have some big problem in your head.

Me - For some reason, I just couldn’t entertain the thought of you and Pandian mingling with each other

Shruti - Whatever. It is good that we are having a open discussion now. What do we do next?

Me - We should get them together and set some ground rules so that we don’t get caught anywhere

Shruti - Yes. If any of our family members come to know about this, we are screwed

Me - Exactly. Let us talk to them this Monday and get them to an agreement

Shruti - What are you going to talk? As long as they have that video, there is no way they are going to leave us. They will have their say always

Me - Yes. I know that. There is no use begging them to stop or to be rude with them. We have to do something else

Shruti - Do you have something in mind?

Me - Yes. Friendship. We have to co-operate with them and let them know that we are enjoying all this. But before that, we should make them friends with us

Shruti - What are you talking about? How is that going to help us?

Me - We both know for a fact that they are never going to budge for our requests right now. There is no way to get the video from them. They definitely would have made multiple copies. The only way to be safe for us is to develop friendship with them

Shruti - Still, how are we supposed to get out of this?

Me - Once we become friends and start trusting each other, we can come up with some plan. Eventually, they will get tired of doing all this. If we are not their friends, so many things could go wrong. They could expose this information to their friends. They could misuse it and blackmail us forever. If we become friends, they will not try to harm us and also they will take care that this information doesn’t go out. Once they get tired of having their way with you, they will just leave us instead of coming up with new ways to exploit us

Shruti - That sounds like a good idea. Our friendship will save us from getting us exploited by them.

Me - I will try to talk them into it.

Shruti - Wow. You are the sweetest husband anybody could ever get.

She hugged me and rolled over me. We had crazy sex throughout that weekend. We hadn’t had sex from the poker day incident. Now that we have both opened up, we had non-stop sessions

It was Monday. We were having lunch. I started the conversation

Me - Guys. We need to talk about something

Santosh - About what

Me - About what has been happening for the past week.

Santosh - If you want everything to stop, it is not going to stop

Me - I am not asking you to stop. I know that there is no way you are going to stop this

Santosh - Then what else do you want?

Me - We need to set some ground rules. I know what we did to your wife after that poker game was unacceptable. We have suffered enough punishment from you already. We have learnt our lessons. Can we be friends at least from now on. Can you stop seeing us just as just victims of your blackmail?

Santosh - What exactly do you want? How can we see you as friends and still do what we are doing now?

Me - Ok. Let me put it this way. You guys know that Shruti actually is enjoying it when you are fucking her right?

Bharath - Ha ha.. Of course we know

Me - Similarly, I am also enjoying when you guys are doing it to her. Yes. As Pandian told that day, I am a cuckold

Everyone was shell-shocked. Though, everyone knew it, they never expected me to come out in the open like this.

Me - Now, if we all co-operate then we can make it enjoyable for all of us involved. We just have to make sure that certain limits are not breached.

Santosh - What limits?

Me - We should do everything possible to keep this within our circle. Within the 6 of us, anything should be fine. No one else should know what is happening here.

Santosh - Yes. That makes sense

Me - Yes. Remember if news go out and we get humiliated. Your names will also come out. It is bad for everyone

Bharath - Cool buddy. What else?

Me - Be careful with the photos and videos you take. We can upload it to one common server which is password protected and delete it from the source. There should not be a multiple copy.

Bharath - Simple thing. Is that it?

Me - Yes. That is pretty much it. And be careful while playing with us at public places like office or anywhere else. Though we actually enjoy that more than sex we need to be careful while doing that

Bharath - Now. Can I ask you something

Me - What is that?

Bharath - Can I have her one day per week like how Santosh has? Maybe Pandian also wants her one day per week

Pandian - Shut up. Did I ever ask you?

Bharath - Ok. Just for me then

Shruti - Ha ha. Really? You look like my little brother. What are you going to do with me?

Bharath - Don’t talk like that. I will not be soft with you like Santosh. I am a rough guy

Shruti laughed louder

Shruti - You would actually piss in your pants if you just see me nude. You are going to fuck me roughly?

Bharath - Give me a chance and you will know

Shruti - Ha ha.. How about Saturdays? Fridays with Santosh and Saturdays with Bharath

Bharath - I know why you chose Saturday. That way, you could rest well on Sunday. You know you wont even be able to walk on Sunday after I fuck you on Saturday.

Shruti - You just saw me getting fucked by a bunch of guys for 24 hours. Do you think I am going to be afraid of a kid who isn’t even my shoulder height? Go get a life

Bharath - Oh. Let us see

Shruti - Yeah.. Let us see…

Santosh - This is kinda cool

Me - What is cool?

Santosh - To watch her speak like that openly. I have always hated her arrogant attitude. Now that she is anyway under my control, it is fun to see her show that arrogance

Aarthi - Yes. I am pretty sure we are going to have lot of fun this way. Sad that Pandian is going to miss this all

Pandian - You guys are idiots

Santosh - What makes you say that?

Pandian - You had all the things you needed to catch them by their throat and make them do whatever you like. But instead of using that, you people just fell for their bait. The bitch used her smile and attitude to get what she wanted again

Santosh - We are still humans. We cannot blackmail them forever

Pandian - We should not show mercy on bitches like her. She will definitely make you repent for it. Anyway it is all your wish. I am not involved in it anyway

We continued talking and having fun while Shruti and Pandian were looking eye to eye at each other

Chapter 17

After making them friends, Shruti changed into a totally different person in the office. She became so friendly with others. Guys talked with her about sex openly. They made fun of her sexual addiction. But Shruti started laughing along with them and tried to give it back at times. Even when Santos and Bharath kept hands on her at every chance they got, she just smiled or beat them playfully. Though I was wary about things, I was happy that they became genuine friends. This will make it easy for us to smoothly phase out things.

The much expected weekend arrived. She came back from Santosh house in the morning, dressed up this time. I didn’t have to join the video conference nowadays. They let me sleep. As a matter of fact, no one joined it. Pandian didn’t want to get involved. Bharath is anyway getting her the next day.

We got a message in the group

Bharath - Get ready Shruti. I am going to make you beg me to stop fucking you

Shruti - Yeah. I will get so bored by your fucking style that I beg you to stop it and just use your tongue

Aarthi - :) Ha ha ha

Bharath - Bitch, be here by 6 PM

Shruti - There? I thought you are staying with friends. Why don’t you come here?

Bharath - They are all out of station. Come here. If your husband wants to see, bring him also. 

Me - No. I am ok with a video call. Just make sure that no one sees you

Bharath - Ya. Don’t worry about that

Shruti had lunch and slept till 5 PM. She woke up, took bath and got ready to go there. She was wearing a loose Kurta and Jean. She took the car and went to the address sent by Bharath. He had set the video conference even before Shruti reached there. I and Aarthi joined the conference while Santosh was watching sitting along with Aarthi. Bharath was wearing a sleeveless vest and a pair of shorts. As soon as the calling bell rang, he was nervous. His nervousness was clearly visible. It was a 2 bedroom house. He was in one of the bedrooms. He brought her there. Santosh was cheering on the conference “Come on Bharath. It is time to show the man inside you”

Bharath didn’t have a cot there. He just had a mattress on the floor. The room was just how a bachelor’s apartment would look like. There were clothes, books and beer bottles scattered around. Shruti was standing near the mattress and looking at the mess around. Bharath pushed her to the mattress. He mounted on her and pulled up his vest and removed his shorts. He seemed to be totally ready for this. He did not even have his underwear. He sat on Shruti’s chest and tried to push his cock in her mouth. What happened after that made everyone laugh their asses out

Shruti pushed him aside to the bed. Bharath being the short and lean guy he is, couldn’t even compare to her strength. It looked like Shruti was raping Bharath. She sat on Bharath’s stomach with her legs on both sides and pulled up her Kurta and bra. She took Bharath’s hands and placed them on her boobs. Bharath was watching everything totally stunned. She was the first woman he touched in his life. She went down and took his cock in her mouth and started sucking it. Bharath started shaking and tried to push Shruti away from his dick. But she held his dick tightly. It was just 30 seconds since she took his dick in her mouth, I suddenly say Shruti jump out of his dick and Bharath literally dancing on the bed. Shruti had something in her mouth. She laughed and ran to the camera. She opened her mouth and showed that Bharath had already ejaculated. She went to the attached bathroom and spit it out. She came back to the room and made fun of Bharath

She sat near the camera for conference and spoke “Here is the almighty alpha male Bharath who couldn’t even hold his cum for 30 seconds. The best part is I didn’t even remove my jeans. People tell that the hottest parts of my body are my thighs and ass”

Bharath was lying on the bed not wanting to face the camera. She went to the bed, dragged him to the camera and showed his face to us. We all had a good laugh at him. He told “I will compensate for this in the second round”

Shruti - Oh.. Second round.. Let me see

Shruti took his dick by her hands, held it tightly and looked at Bharath’s eyes. Bharath started playing with Shruti’s boobs. His dick was regaining erection so fast. As soon as it was completely erect, Shruti stood up and removed her pants showing her sexy lower body. The white shapely thighs and smooth fleshy legs. Bharath began shaking and Shruti seized the opportunity to sit on his dick and grind it. This time also, it took only around 1 minute for him to spray cum on her thighs. Santosh in the conference told “Dude. You are the biggest joke of the year. You cannot even stand it for 1 minute and you challenged everyone like that”

Bharath - I underestimated Shruti’s power to get men ejaculate on her. I thought I had complete control over it

Shruti - Come on.. Let us go for another round. May be you will last for 2 minutes this time

Bharath shook his head. But Shruti just lifted him in her hands and took him to his bed. It was very much like Shruti was raping Bharath. Santosh logged out at that point of time. I also felt drowsy and went to sleepy

I was woken up by a calling bell. I went to open the door. It was Shruti. She came in and fell on the bed. She looked so tired

Me : Last night was so fun

Shruti - Ha ha., Yes.. I had him by his balls

Me - So tired?

Shruti - Yeah. But not because of his fucking. It is because the room was ugly and I didn’t get proper sleep there. I need to sleep now

She fell asleep within minutes after she said that. 

Bharath was the butt of all jokes on Monday. Everyone in the team teased and trolled him during lunch. Aarthi narrated what happened to Pandian 

Pandian - I told you. She is a professional slut who can handle 10 dicks at once. Do you think your virgin dick could get her tired?

Santosh - You would have taken a strapon and fucked his ass with it. That would have been an apt ending to what happened there

Meanwhile, Shruti and Bharath were looking at each other in a funny way. Right from that day, both of them became so close. Bharath always tried to irritate her. He would pour water on her dress while going through that way. He pulls down her pants or leggings when no one is watching. He pinched her crotch when no one is watching. The best of the lot was what he did to her during a meeting

We had a late night meeting with our US clients. It was a video conference and was attended by all of us in the team except our manager. We had to stay late and attend it from a conference room. Our US client in the video call was mostly speaking to Santosh. The meeting was boring for others. We had to attend even if we had nothing to do with what was going on because our manager forced us to attend while he went home

Half way down the meeting, Bharath stood up in under the pretext of using the restroom. He went out and immediately came in. He crawled so that the US clients won’t be able to see him. We were all seated around a table and facing a camera which was transmitting the video from the room. He crawled under the table. I knew he was up to some mischief with Shruti. As expected he moved to Shruti. She was wearing Kurta and jean. He sat in front of her legs and tried to move them apart. But Shruti resisted. He then removed her high heel slippers and threw them away. He took one feet and kept it in his mouth. That was a master move. It was one of her weak spots. She tried so much to control herself. Though she managed to hide expressions from her face, she stretched her legs apart. Bharath used that moment and went between her legs. He opened her jeans button and started pulling down the pant. Shruti was surprised by the speed at which he was doing things. She couldn’t react immediately. After a couple of seconds she got hold of the sides of her pants. But the pant was down by about 10 inches showing a part of her thighs already

Bharath put one hand inside her panties and started fingering her. She was losing control on her body. He seized the moment to pull down the jeans even more. No one in the room was able to listen to the US client. Only Santosh was doing that. But he also found it difficult to concentrate after knowing what was going on. Shruti found it very hard to keep herself from moaning. Her jeans were around her ankles and Bharath was trying to remove them totally. He was pulling the pant hard when she kicked him hard on his crotch. Aarthi laughed by seeing that. Bharath got pissed off and removed her pants with more power. He threw the pant away and looked at her&nbsp; legs and thighs. They were too tempting for him. He started licking, kissing and biting them inch by inch. Shruti started giving minor sounds. Luckily the US client was talking at that time and Santosh put our side on mute

Just when she had closed her eyes and reached a different world, Bharath pulled her panties down. That was totally unexpected. To make my wife Shruti bottom less in a conference room was outrageous but so erotic at the same time. Shruti was enjoying this. Bharath went near her pussy and started licking her. Shruti was screaming hard. She turned her face away from the camera so that the US client doesn’t see her. That is when I saw something in her Kurta. It was bharath’s hands. He had put his hands from under her Kurta to her breasts and pulled her nipples out of her bra. Now, Bharath was kneeling in front of her legs with his tongue playing with her pussy while his hands were up inside her kurta kneading her nipples. Shruti shouted and reached a heavy orgasm. Her body shivered for sometime and then she lay exhausted. He gave her pant and panties to her and left outside through the door. The meeting was over 5 minutes after that. Once it was over, she wore the pant, ran outside the room to Bharath’s place and beat him playfully. Everyone was talking about the epic meeting, Shruti’s expressions and all. Bharath gave a naughty wink to Shruti. Shruti punched his chest, then put a hand over his shoulders and told “I have to say. That was an awesome experience”

Things went on like this for 3 more weeks. Shruti continued her schedule of Fridays with Santosh and Saturdays with Bharath. One Saturday she had gone to Bharath’s house. I got a call from Shruti’s mother. She told that Shruti didn’t pick up her call. She told that they were coming to our house tonight. I told them that we were outside and we will reach home by 10 PM. They told they will also come to our home at that time. I tried calling Shruti multiple times. She was not picking the call. I tried calling Bharath. His phone was switched off. I decided to go to his house directly and pick her up.

I went to his apartment and went to 3rd floor where his house was. I rang the bell. It was opened by a guy who looked Bharath’s age. He was wearing just a towel. It was clear that he wasn’t wearing anything inside. His erection was visible over the towel. I was confused and asked him for Bharath. He called out for Bharath. Bharath came near the door wearing a towel like him. He was shocked to see me there. Just when I asked him “Where is Shruti?” , I heard her voice from one of the bedrooms. I ran there. Bharath was trying to stop me. I pushed him aside and went to the bedroom to find my wife sandwiched between two guys without a single piece of cloth. One guy had his dick in her asshole and the other guy had his dick in her vagina. My bitchy iyer wife Shruti had her legs around one of the guys and kissing him while the guy behind her was pressing her boobs from behind.

Shruti was shouting “Aaaaaaahhhh.. I love you guys”

Chapter 18

I stood there not able to speak a single word. Bharath rushed in and shouted at them. They moved away leaving Shruti alone. All the guys went out of the room. Shruti saw me and her jaw dropped “What are you doing here?”

Me - Your mother called. She is coming to our house tonight

Shruti - Oh.. Sorry. My phone was in silent mode

Me - What is happening here?

Shruti - We will talk about it later.

She rushed up wearing her dresses and we started. All the guys were in the drawing room. They didn’t make eye contact with me. We went to our house. Her mother came that night. We didn’t talk about it till she left on Sunday. I started the conversation on Sunday night

Me - Shruti. 

Shruti - I know what you are going to ask

Me - There are two things here Shruti. One is that I told you not to involve more people into this. Now if those guys tell this to their friends, things will go out of control. The other point is why did you hide it from me?I have been supportive of you and helpful in all things no matter what it is. Did I ever get angry with you?

Shruti - It was due to circumstances, Dilip. I am so sorry. I will tell you what happened

Shruti’s narration ———————————————

Last week I went to his house as usual for a session. We were in his bedroom having sex. He was fucking me in missionary position. We heard something and all of a sudden we saw our bedroom door open. It was 3 of his roommates. They saw us having sex. They were surprised to see us. I thought they will force me to do it with them. But they were cool guys. They just had a small conversation

Bharath - You guys didn’t go to hometown

Roommate1 - No dude. We missed the bus

Bharath - Ok. You guys carry on. I will join you later

Roommate2 - So this is the reason why you didn’t come with us to our hometown for 2 weeks. You lied to us that you had work

Bharath - It is not like I didn’t want to tell you. She is more concerned about her privacy. She got a promise from me not to tell anyone

Roommate3 - By the way, who is she? She is having mangalsutra around her neck. She is married

Bharath - She is my teammate. Name Shruti

The 3 guys shook hands with me. It was a funny feeling to shake hands with them casually while sitting nude

Roommate1 - Does your husband know this?

Bharath - Yes. He doesn’t mind. He actually likes to watch

Roommate1 - Oh.. He is that kind of guy

Roommate2 - What kind of guy?

Roommate1 - Cuckold, dude

Roommate2 - What is that?

Roommate1 - Let us go to the other bedroom. We shouldn’t disturb them. I will explain it to you there

Roommate3 - Yes dude. Let us leave the love birds in peace. Sorry Shruti for disturbing you

Me - It is ok

After they left, I looked at Bharath

Me - What do we do now?

Bharath - Let us continue our session

Me - What? With them in the other room?

Bharath - Don’t worry. They are decent people. They all have girlfriends and they bring them here regularly. This room is dedicated for having sex. We don’t mind other people’s sex lives

Me - Nice.. But they won’t tell anyone else right. 

Bharath - Yes. They wont tell. Don’t tell Dilip about this. He will be definitely pissed of.

Me - Ok

We continued our session. As usual, Bharath was not even able to last for more than 2 minutes. The things which happened that night made me too horny. But Bharath was sleeping. I heard something from the kitchen. I knew it was one of the roommates. I wrapped a towel around my body and went there under the pretext of drinking water. There was the first roommate drinking water. I went there and stood next to him. He looked at me and told “Bhabhi.. You want water?”

Me - Yes.. Btw. What is your name

He - Shyam

Me - Nice. You are still awake. Not getting sleep?

Shyam - Yes bhabhi.. Just watching some movies

Me - What kind of movies?

Shyam - Ha ha.. Some porn movies

He was wearing boxers and his dick was visible over it. It was clearly erect and was around 6 inches in length. I have been missing a long dick for a long time ever since my ex boyfriend Ram fucked me. Though Shyam’s was not as big as Ram’s, it was bigger than Santosh’s, Bharat’s and yours. He was very young. Same as Bharath’s age. The fact that it was erect means he actually liked me. I lost control of myself, pushed him near a corner of the kitchen, untied my towel to let it fall down. He was not able to speak “Bhabhi.. What are you doing? Bharath will not like this”

Me - Bharath? That guy doesn’t know to fuck a woman at all. He told that you guys have sex with your girlfriends. Definitely you will have much better experience. Now take me right here

I put my hands inside his boxer and took his dick out. That was too much for him. He lifted me and made me sit on the dining table in kitchen. He kissed each and every inch of my body saying “Aaaahhh.. Bhabhi… Your body is so hot. I have had sex with 3 women so far. No one can even come close to you.&nbsp; Thanks for letting me do this“

Me - Aaaaahhh.. Yes.. This is how a brahmin body looks like. No one can match the beauty and bitchiness of a brahmin woman.. Aaaaahhh

Shyam - Aaaahhh. Brahmin bhabhi. That explains it. 

He kept kissing and licking every part of my body except my asshole. I didn’t want to force him to do that. I liked his licking work well enough. He put my legs apart and started fucking. This guy had good stamina and control. He was not fast. But he fucked me while kissing me romantically and he lasted so long. I kept screaming and moaning while matching his pushes. I came to senses only after I had a couple of orgasms. I looked around to see Bharath and his other roommates looking at us with their dicks in hands. Shyam took his dick outside when he was about to cum.

The next guy came to do me. I told them “You dumb asses. Take me to the bedroom. I hate this place” They replied “Okay bhabhi ji” And took me there. The name of the other two guys were Vinod and Shrinivas. Their dicks were around 5 inches. They talked to me with respect. They did whatever I wanted them to do. They are harmless. First they all fucked me in pussy one by one. After they were all done, I lay there with 2 guys on each side.

Me - Why are you guys so excited? Haven’t you guys done it before?

Shrinivas - We have done it bhabhi ji. But you are different

Me - In what way?

Shrinivas - Our girlfriends are beautiful. Their bodies are lean, slim and sleek. They are so sexy, but your body is different. You are slim, but fleshy. Your body looks very shiny and naturally smooth than the other girls we have fucked

Shyam - Brahmin body dude

Shrinivas - Oh. Brahmin woman? That explains everything. Love your thighs and legs

Me - Aaaah.. I have heard lots of compliments for me legs and thighs

Vinod - One important thing is our girlfriends get tired soon. They let us go only for one round. You are able to handle 4 guys here. Our girlfriends never suck our cocks. But you are taking our cocks without even asking. Your face is so beautiful and the smile you give while sucking is just out of this world

Shruti - Ha ha.. I always like to experiment I have even had anal sex before

Shyam - Anal sex? wow. I always wanted to try it. But our girlfriends never let us do it. Can we do it with you?

Shruti - Yes. First I will get you all back to mood

I moved to each person one by one to suck them and get their dicks erect. First Shyam fucked me in doggy style. He was the third person to fuck my ass. Remember Ram was not able to put it in completely and Santosh’s dick was just 4 inches in length. Shyam was clever and took a bottle of oil and applied it in my ass. He first put it around my hole. Then he applied it on his fingers and inserted his finger into my rectum. It was a heavenly feeling. He tried his best to insert his dick then. I also tried by best to get it in. I held Bhrarath’s hands tightly to endure the pain. He put most of his dick inside. But couldn’t cross the 5 inch mark. But that was good enough for both of us. He started the fucking motion. But my ass was too tight for him to last long. He came in around 5 minutes. Then everyone including Bharath took turns.&nbsp; They kept complimenting me by saying words like “Wow. It is a heavenly feeling to have anal sex with a married brahmin bhabhi as sexy as you… Your ass is so sexy smooth and round”

Once all were done, I slept. I woke up in the morning and came home. The next weekend everyone was there ready for me. We had our usual session. I opened Shyam’s laptop and browsed through the porn there. That is where I found the video of double penetration. I didn’t know such a thing was possible before. My pussy became wet the moment after I saw that. I looked around at others in a naughty way

Shyam - What?

Vinod - Don’t you understand? Bhabhi ji wants to try this too. Isn’t it right bhabhi?

Me - I want to. But I don’t know if I can take it

Vinod - We can help you with it bhabhi ji. We won’t go hard. We will take things at your own pace. We will stop when you want us to

Me(blushing) Ya.. Let us try this

I asked Bharath and Shrinivas to go first as they had the smallest dicks. I asked bharath lie down and sat on his dick. I put his dick into my asshole with some effort slowly. I then asked Shrinivas to mount me from front. His dick went into my pussy fast. It was a heavenly feeling. But Bharath was weak and he was not able to fuck me properly from that angle. He soon leaked cum in my asshole. Shrinivas was still going good in my pussy. He was wearing condoms. I pushed Shrinivas to the bed and sat over him facing him with his dick in my pussy and I asked Vinod to do my asshole. This time it was good. Shrinivas fucked my pussy easily as it was not tight like my ass. Vinod fucked my ass easily as he was in proper posiiton for it. Then I was able to stop concentrating on getting the position right and started enjoying the moment. I had the best orgasm ever that night. It was an awesome feeling to have both my holes stuffed by such young guys. Then Shyam took Vinod’s position after he had ejactulated. This was a little difficult as Shyam had a bigger dick. He again inserted slowly till 5 inches and then started fucking fast. I orgasmed multiple times and collapsed on Shrinivas. They continued fucking me like that till they ejactulated. After that, double penetration has been regular for us. Then you saw us this week

Shruti’s narration ends —————————


I just sprayed my cum on Shruti’s hands while she was giving handjob to me narrating the entire story.

Me - Still you could have told me

Shruti - Yes. But things went too far and I was afraid that you will stop me from it.I know it is dangerous. But I am not able to control myself

Me - Yes. I understand that dear. If you stop doing it with them, will they take it sportively and stop it completely? Or will they start blackmailing you again?

Shruti - No.. You should talk with them. They are very decent. They haven’t used a single word to disrespect me so far. They will accept it

Me - What about you? Do you want to stop this?

Shruti - Yes dear. I have had enough fun with the gangbangs. It is time to stop. 

Me - Ok.. We will stop it then. 

Monday at office we told Bharath about our decision. 

Me - Bharath. I am sorry to say, I can’t let Shruti come to your house hereafter. We need to stop things before they get too far

Bharath - Sorry Dilip. It was all my fault. But please don’t do this. I will tell the others not to touch her. They will understand and stay away from her. 

Me - Yes. I accept they are good guys. But I don’t want anything like this to happen again. It is better to be on the safer side

Bharath - They won’t even talk to her after this. I promise you

Shruti - Ok Bharath. It is not just about them. It is also about me. You know I cannot control myself when they are around. It is more about controlling myself here. I know you guys are gems and won’t do anything without my consent. It is just my problem

Bharath - I understand then. But what will I do then?

Shruti - You can come to our house every Saturday dear. We don’t have any problem with that

Bharath - Hmmm. That sounds like a good plan. I will inform my roommates

The next day Bharath asked us to come to a separate room and talked with us. None of our teammates knew about the relationship between Shruti and Bharath’s roommates

Bharath - I told my roommates. They are perfectly okay with it. They told they won’t come into your lives anymore

Shruti - I know. They are such good guys

Bharath - They just wanted to tell you something

Me - What is it?

Bharath - Before you saw us, we had planned for a trip this coming weekend. Our plan was to take Shruti with us and enjoy. We had booked rental cars and all for that. They just asked if you will allow her for this

Me - What? This is why I wanted to stop this. You guys are taking it too far

Bharath - We are not forcing you. We know what your answers will be. But my roommates just wanted to put this thing to your ears. Anyway, it is a strict no. I will inform them

Shruti - Wait.. Dilip.. Can we talk?

Bharath went out leaving us alone

Me - What are you doing?

Shruti - These guys have been so good to me. I think we should give them their last wish

Me - They are talking about taking you outside. Wait.. This is about giving them their last wish or does this voyeuristic trip excite you?

Shruti - A mix of both

Me - This is dangerous

Shruti - But I want to do it. You will love it. Don’t you want to see your wife enjoy with those guys in a full fledged trip? We will send videos to you from the trip

She put her hands on my dick. She knows my weak points. 

Me - Yes. I would love to watch. But they are kids and there must be someone to control them from crossing limits. If such a thing happens, I need to come along with you

Shruti - There is my boy. You want to watch it. Don’t you? It should be easy to convince them. They will accept anything they say

Me - No. I am not coming because I want to enjoy it. I want to come because I am worried about your safety.

Shruti - Whatever it is. I promise you that, this will be my last tryst with those guys

Me - I hope so

We called him Bharath and informed him of our decision

Chapter 19
It was Saturday. Shruti returned from Santosh house. We had packed everything Thursday night itself. We took our car and went to Bharath’s house. Shruti was wearing a t-shirt and track pant. They had brought an innova car for rent. We had to drive it ourselves. The plan was to travel to Tada falls, take bath in falls and return before night. They placed luggage behind us.

We were waiting downstairs near the car. The guys came down. Bharath introduced them to me. They were feeling very uncomfortable as they shook hands with me. Of course, our first meeting was not pleasant. They were all wearing loose t shirts and shorts. They were fighting about who will drive the car. It was decided that they will take turns driving the car while I will be sitting in the other front seat. The first person to drive car was Bharath

The next row was designed to seat 3 persons comfortably. But Shyam, Shrinivas, Vinod and Shruti all squeezed in there as the last row was full of luggage. Shruti felt uncomfortable. So, she stood up and sat on the lap of Shrinivas who was sitting in the middle. Once Bharath started driving, Vinod and Shyam took hold of her boobs from either side. Shrinivas was kissing her neck from behind her. He tried lifting her t shirt a bit and pinched her love handle. Shruti gave a sound “Aaaahhhh.. It is paining” I looked back and told “Guys.. This car doesn’t have properly covered windows. People from outside could see us. Let us cross the city limits and then do it” They obeyed without speaking a single word. Shruti was right. They were very obedient guys

Due to traffic, it took one hour to cross city limits of Chennai. It was around 11 AM by that time. It was summer and very hot outside. The road was pretty clear. We didn’t see much cars around. Shyam asked me “Bro. Can we start now?”

I gave them a smile which they understood. Shrinivas held her tightly on her laps. Shyam pulled her t shirt above her head. Shruti helped him doing it by lifting her hands. Vinod took her legs on his lap and pulled down her track pant completely. She now lay flat on the lap of the 3 guys. She was tall. Her head was leaning on the window near Shyam. Her top body was on Shyam’s lap. Her ass was on Shrinivas’s lap and legs were on Vinod’s lap. Shyam kissed Shruti on her lips while Shrinivas removed her bra. Only her mangalstura was left in her upper body. I couldn’t control myself and turned back to see what was happening. 

Bharath slowed down the vehicle and kept an eye on the mirror. The car was going very slow. I took one of Shruti’s palms in my hand and caressed it. There was my wife lying on the lap of three guys younger than her with just her panties on. She sat up and turned back to kiss Shyam while Shrinivas was sucking her soft boobs. Her boobs had gotten bigger after all the mauling she had received in the recent days. Her navel looked so hot between the layers of flesh. Her small belly accentuated her beauty and sexiness in that position. There were 3 small layers of flesh on her hip. As Shrinivas pressed them hard with his hands, they took different shapes. Vinod was busy with her legs and thighs licking them and biting her inner thighs. As he was biting the thighs, Shruti herself put her right hand onto her panties and pulled them down. Vinod helped her to remove it completely and started playing with her inner thighs again. Shruti pulled him by his hair and made him lick her pussy

This continued for around ten minutes. They made her get up and lie down with her head in the space between the two front seats. Her head was just next to the gear box. Her ass was just on the seat. It was a very uncomfortable position for Shruti. Shrinivas was trying to fuck her by kneeling on the seat. As it was difficult, they pulled her back. All three of them got up from the seat and kneeled in front of the seat. They made Shruti lie down on the seat. They took turns to go up the seat near her legs, spreading her legs apart and fucking her. She was feeling so horny. Her moans were loud and echoing inside the car. She moaned “Aaaaahhh.. aaaaahhh.. I love this.., I love to get fucked in a moving car by many guys in front of my husband.. aaaaahhh.. can you?”

Shrinivas - What?

Shruti - Can you open?

Shyam - open what?

Shruti - Can you open it?

Shyam - Open what bhabhi ji?

Shruti - Open the window?

Me - Shruti.. Stop it.. You are out of your mind. Opening the window is very risky

Shruti - MMmmmmm..&nbsp; I want fresh air. It is suffocating here… Aaaaahhhh.. I want fresh air

Me - A/C is running, If we open the window someone will see

Shruti - Noooo.. There is no traffic. If someone is passing by, I can hide myself. You see the mirror and tell me… Aaaaahhh

I couldn’t refuse her there. I was already about to cum in my pant seeing everything that was happening. I joined them to control her. But I was losing control of myself. Bharath saw my reaction and used the buttons near driver seat to lower the windows. It was pretty hot outside. As we were in a moving vehicle, we could feel some wind blowing. This excited Shruti even more. Bharath was going at a speed of around 40 kmph slowly to at the left of the road. Shruti’s legs were facing the left side of the road. As we were at the left end, there were only forests to our left and vehicles were moving only to our right occasionally, they decided to take more risks. They closed the windows to our right. Only windows to our left were open. 

Shyam got up and made her kneel on the seat facing the left side window. He kneeled behind Shruti and positioned his dick near her asshole. He held her hair by his hand and pushed her head outside the window. As he started fucking her ass, he pushed her more and more outside the window. After a couple of minutes, top half of Shruti’s body was outside. To be precise, her head, neck, boobs and half of her hips were outside the car window. I looked out through the window on my side and turned back to find her boobs shaking rigorously because of his hardcore fucking. Her mangalsutra was oscillating between her boobs. Her screams were dying into the woods at the left. I felt very nervous and aroused at the same time. She put one hand on my shoulder and told something that was not clear.. She told “Corrrr.. ittt”

Me - what?

Shruti - mobbb……

Me - Tell clearly

Shruti - Take your mobile and record it

I had already ejaculated on my pants seeing everything. Still I was feeling horny. I took my mobile as she said and covered the entire thing from outside the window. She was getting fucked by all three guys alternately in a moving car with half her body out in the open. They all unloaded in her ass and sat on the seat. Shruti took a long breathe in the end, smiled at my mobile camera and kissed the camera

Bharath - So, you like voyeurism

Shruti - MMmmmmm.. Yes.. 

Bharath - This trip is going to be filled with voyeurism

Me - But don’t do things which are too risky

Shyam - Come on, bro. Aren’t you enjoying the whole thing? We are far away from Chennai. There is no known person here. The riskier things are more pleasurable

I couldn’t speak against that. he was right. I had actually enjoyed it and deep inside I wanted more

Shyam - Did you enjoy it Shruti?

Shruti - Of course I did.. Please do more of it.

Just then we saw a couple of guys from the nearby village going in a old motorcycle which is not capable of going fast. Shyam got an idea seeing them. He asked Shruti to stand up. She was not able to stand up completely. She had to bend completely to be in standing position. He held her by her hips and pushed it towards the window. Shruti realized what he was planning..

Shruti - Noooo.. What are you doing

Shyam - Listen bhabhi ji.. You just asked for more.. You will definitely enjoy this. Just do as I say. Push your ass outside. Your full ass and a bit of your hips and thighs should be outside the window

Me - Shyam. We shouldn’t be doing this. I need to stop it here

Shyam - Bro. You enjoyed the previous thing right? This will be even better. They won’t even see Shruti bhabhi’s face

I was not in a position to control them there. He started forcing Shruti again.

She did as he told with a nervous and innocent face. She pushed a bit of her ass outside. Shyam pushed her to do more. She pushed by holding her knees inside the car. After sometime, Her ass and the back of her hips were completely outside in the afternoon sun getting baked by the heat. Half of her body was stuck in the window. I was not sure if she will be even able to get out of it. Her smooth big white ass and sexy hip was quite a sight in the sunlight. I didn’t have to be asked to take photo. I took my mobile and took multiple shots and also a video recording. She was holding my shoulder with one hand and Shyam’s palm with another hand and started giggling

Shruti - Aaaaahhh. It is too hot outside. I am going to be tanned in my ass alone

Shyam - Ha ha.. How do you feel the wind blowing on your naked ass?

Shruti - he hehhe… mmmmmmm.. It is toooo good.

Shyam - Wanna come in

Shruti - Nooooo… I love it.. Just hold my hand tightly. I may reach orgasm anytime.

Bharath - Wait Shruti.. There is more fun waiting for you

He moved the car slowly to the motorcycle which was going in the left. They were stunned seeing a woman with her naked ass hanging out. Bharath shouted at them “Guys.. How is that ass?”

Guy1 - Wow.. Very nice and smooth. Is she an actress or what?

Bharath - Not actress. Just a high class brahmin wife

Guy2 - Ohhh… I love iyer women. Can we fuck her?

Bharath - Sorry bro. Just touch them if you want and play with your hands for 5 minutes. Nothing more. Are you in for the deal?

Guy1 - For how much did you get this prosititute?

Bharath - She is not a prositute. She is a co-worker

Guy1 - Oh.. IT company?

Bharath - Yes

Guy1 - I see. I know IT company girls are like this. Can we see her upper body too

Bharath - No sir. Just her ass in this position. We will drive close to you like this for 5 minutes. Do whatever you want

The guy who was at the front of the motorcycle was driving slowly so that the pillion rider gets easy access. He touched her ass with both hands and pressed them hard. 

Guy2 - Wow.. Nice smooth ass. Shall I slap it?

Bharath - You can.. You can even finger her if you want

Meanwhile, Shruti had her eyes wide open and was breathless. This was much more than what she expected. Shyam was kissing her on her mouth to control her from screaming. She was beating him to get out of his hold and scream. Her eyes looked like her eyeballs will come out anytime. I looked out to find that the guy was finger fucking her. After a couple of minutes, they slowed down, exchange their positions and the guy who was sitting at the front touched her now. He also finger fucked her. Now Shyam left Shruti to scream. Guy1 told “Wow.. Her voice is also so good.. Do you like it mam?”

Shruti - Aaaahhh. Yes.. I love it

Guy1 - Shall we fuck you on the road side mam

Shruti - Aaaahhh.. Yesssss.. I want you two to fuck me in the middle of the road

Guy1 - Then ask your driver to stop the vehicle. We will fuck you here, take you to our village and let everyone to fuck you

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. Yess…. I want that.. Stop the car Bharath

This was the limit. I knew that she was flirting with danger and signaled to Bharath. He accelerated fast till they were out of sight. Shyam pulled her inside. Everyone in the car was silent for sometime. I thanked Bharath for doing the right thing.

Shruti hugged me from behind and kissed me for getting in at the right time. She then hugged Shyam and told “Thank you for showing me heaven., That was definitely one of the best sexual activity I have done before”

Shyam - Thanks bhabhi. Glad that you liked it..

We neared the Tada falls. Shruti and the guys dressed up. We went to the checkpost and got permit. We were able to go by car only to some distance. After that we had to hike throug a trail. It was way too hot. The path was too rocky and we got tired soon. But we eventually reached the falls.There were already 3 guys taking bath there. They looked much younger like college students. Shruti was the only female there. We also changed our dresses. We all wore shorts and moved into the falls. Shruti was waiting outside. We called her to come inside. She was not willing to. But Bharath went out and pulled her by her hands. Shruti tried pulling her hands away and resisted as much as possible. So Shyam also ran to her and pulled her. Both of them successfully pulled her into the waterfalls. Water was flowing pretty fast over a wider area. People were not able to hear others speak because of the noise of the water. Shruti was wearing white t shirt and black bra. The t shirt was of very thin material. After it got wet, it looked like she was not wearing t shirt at all. 

When she went out of water to get some breath, all the guys including the 3 outsiders had their eyes on her. Her t shirt even went inside her navel to show her navel shape. Her track pant had gone a bit down because of the force of the water and the top of her asscrack was visible. But the worst thing was she hadn’t taken her panties after getting fucked in. It was clearly visible that she was not wearing anything inside. Her track pant was hugging her thighs tightly to show her USP - those perfectly shaped legs and thighs. The outsiders looked at each other and smiled

Bharath went near her to pull her in again. But this time Shruti obliged and came in. I was in the middle. To my right, Bharath and his friends surrounded Shruti while the outsiders were standing to our left. I just walked out of the falls and watched. Shruti was in middle of Bharath and his friends. I couldn’t see what was happening. But I could get it. Shruti came out running after sometime. I saw her t shirt and was shocked. Now, she was not having her bra inside and her erect nipples and soft boobs were clearly visible through the t shirt. I saw the bra floating through the water into the lake which was flowing out. The three outsiders also saw that. I asked her to go inside the water so that they wont be able to see her clearly. She told that they are being so rough and kinky. But I told it is safer there than to stand outside. She went in between Bharath and friends. I waited there for around 10 minutes. Suddenly I saw the three outsiders go near this group and mingling to form a bigger group. After ten minutes, Bharath and friends came outside. But Shruti didn’t. We looked back to find her between the three outsiders. We were shocked and didn’t know what to do. We looked down the flowing water to find Shruti’s t shirt and her track pant coming in the water.

I tried to get a clearer view of what is happening within the water. Shruti was standing with her legs stretched apart a bit. Two guys were near her pressing her boobs while one guy was fucking her from the front. She was totally nude with just her mangalsutra on her chest. I asked Bharath and friends to go and stop. Before we could do anything, the three guys came out from the water and they left immediately

Shruti came out nude with her body totally wet. No one could take their eyes off her. Her body was literally shining in the sunlight with wet drops. There were water drops on her boobs and water dripping from her navel. This tall slim fleshy angel was walking out of waterfalls with an aura. I got back my senses to see the situation. I threw her the towel. She covered herself with the towel. She told that the guys mingled with them when Bharath and friends were playing with her. SHe didn’t even know that it was not Bharath. She only felt so many hands playing with her. Only after they tried removing her dresses she felt something was wrong. She tried to resist. But they held her tightly. Once they got her nude, she felt weak on her knees and her sexual side took over. She lost control and started co-operating with them. 

Luckily the guys left soon. They were afraid of the problems I think. Shruti told that the two guys double penetrated her while the third guy was getting a handjob. We looked around to find that no one was there. Bharath told - “This place is usually isolated like this. I am pretty sure no one will come here after this:

Shyam - Then there is no need of the towel bhabhi

Shruti smiled and started running away from him. Shyam chased her. Shruti’s towel fell down at one point. Shyam just put his legs on the towel and laughed at her. She used one hand to cover her boobs and bent down to pull the towel. But he didn’t leave it.

Shyam - Come on. This is the perferct place for a woman like you

Shruti - What if someone comes?

Bharath - Ok. We can do one thing. If someone sits on that rock up there, they can see the trail below. It takes 10 minutes to come here from the trail. Ask Dilip to watch out for anyone coming from that rock. He can also see what is happening here. We can wear dresses if anyone comes. That would be safe

Shruti hesitated for a moment. I looked at her. I had never seen her happier than that day.

Bharth - Dilip.. Is it ok for you?

Me - Yes. Good for me. It looks like Shruti is having a good time with you guys. 

Shruti smiled at me and stood up leaving the towel. Everyone cheered. I moved up and climbed the rock. Bharath was right. I had a good view of the hiking trail. I turned this side to see the 5 off them running nude like kids into the water. Shruti’s ass was bouncing behind. Once they got into the water, I could only make out a little bit of what was happening. I could see that Shruti was kneeling down and all the 4 guys were standing around her shaking their dicks. Shruti was not just sucking their dicks. She was drinking the water splashing out of their dicks. Then they made Shruti to stand up and she was rotated around and kissed and smooched by everyone. Having such a beautiful and sexy woman in between them in a waterfalls out in the open was definitely a great setting for them to get horny. They just went mad and were biting her lips, neck and boobs. I saw one of her legs being raised by someone. Shruti was very flexible. He had lifted her leg and placed it on his shoulders and was fucking her. Another guy was trying to fuck her from behind. They were trying her favorite double penetration. Two guys were standing on both sides of her trying to get access to her boobs. That was difficult as Shruti was hugging the guy in her front tightly. 

After some hard work, the guy behind her was able to put his cock in her ass. They both fucked her like that for just two minutes. Then they came out of the waterfalls. They were Bharath and Vinod. They looked so tired. They sat near the waterfalls on a small rock and watched the others. 

This time I saw that Shruti was lifted by someone onto his hips. Just her toes, ankles an lower part of her legs were visible outside the falls in the air. Shyam should have been the guy lifting her. Shrinivas was not strong enough to that. Shrinivas was standing behind her in the water. They were double penetrating her again in the waterfalls. I saw Shruti’s ankles shake in air outside the water. They fucked her like that for 5 minutes. Then they let her down and came out of the water. Shruti came out after a minute totally tired. They all gathered near the rock. I shouted from here “Did you wear condoms” 

Shruti - Not needed. This is not my fertile window

Shruti just lay down flat on the rock and covered her face with a towel as it was too sunny. All of them fell asleep nude. Shruti put her legs and hands over Shyam and slept. Bharath had his hands over Shruti. They all looked like a family. I sat there still guarding them like a watchman. The past two months have been just way too eventful. I used this moment to contemplate about the past. “We are definitely pushing ourselves much beyond the limits. Is there ever an end to this? Was it the right decision for me to marry a person like her. To be fair, she was honest with me before marriage and told everything about her. To me, it is no use of living life the way we don’t like. We are just perfect for each other. She likes to have sex and I love to watch her have sex. But we should be careful about the effects of too much sex too. This could spoil our lives completely. Above all, there is the question of having children too. Maybe, it is time to think about children. Shruti always wanted to have children soon. I was the one who postponed it to enjoy life with freedom. Now, we have enjoyed life more than anyone ever can. Getting pregnant and giving birth to a child will give us the break that is needed from this non-stop sexual escapades. “

“The biggest challenge in stopping these escapades is that guys like Bharath and Santosh&nbsp; are always around her trying to get her to bed. If she sees interest from a guy, she doesn’t have the power to control herself and say no to them. If she gets pregnant, we could use that as a reason to keep them away from her.” I thought about how to talk to her about this for half an hour when I heard some sound. It was around 4 PM. 

I turned to find that Shruti had already woken up. She was bending near a rock and Vinod was fucking her from behind. I couldn’t figure out if he was fucking her pussy or ass. All I could see was Shruti had still maintained her body perfectly by doing running and going to gym. Some women lose shape once they start getting fucked by many people. The only difference I could see in her body was that her boobs got just a little bit bigger. Meanwhile, the other guys also woke up and got ready for the next round. 

Shyam and Shrinivas planned to lift her and double penetrate her again like they did her in water. They called me out and shouted “Dilip bro.. Watch this position. Your wife’s favorite position”

Shyam lifted her again. Shruti had her legs around his hips and arms around her neck hugging him tightly. Shrinivas fucked her from behind. Shruti would be double excited doing this in the room. But doing it in the open space multiplied her happiness and horniness. Once they did it, they placed her down on the rocks. Bharath mounted her from behind and fucked her ass. They all were totally exhausted. We took the food we had brought for lunch and had them. I was the only one completely dressed up. Others were nude. 

Shyam : We will miss you bhabhi ji

Shruti : I will also miss you guys

Vinod : Dilip is so lucky to have such a woman as his wife

Shruti : Is it true dilip?

Me : How many times should I say it dear?

Shrinivas : Initially I felt sad about you people moving away from her. But now I feel that you are doing the right thing. It is not good for you to just go with random people. I almost had a feeling that all hell is going to break loose when the 3 guys did you in the waterfalls. Luckily they are not dangerous guys. Incidents like this show that we are not yet matured. I would also advice you to stick with just 3 or 4 guys you already have in office. Never go beyond that

Shruti : Thanks for your advice dear.. (She kissed him on his cheeks) I don’t have words to thank you. Any other guy would try to take advantage of me and use me like a fuck toy. You guys are so young and so good hearted. Stopping now is good for you too. Not all women are like me. So don’t go out with higher expectations when it come to sex. Adjust with the women you get. Just forget me from your life completely

Shyam : Forgetting you is difficult. But it is good for all of us to stay away from you so that we don’t get the same thoughts again

Shruti : Rightly said.

They finished the food. It was getting darker. Shruti didn’t have anything to wear. She didn’t bring spare clothes as she was not planning to take bath. Her dress went with water. I jus gave her my t shirt. She just walked half-nude to the car. We started back. This time, Vinod was driving. The return journey was also the same as forward journey. They made her keep her ass outside the car window. Unlike morning, there was cold wind now. She told that it was an even better feeling to have cold wind run through her ass and pussy in the open. They also fucked her with her upper body outside the window. Once we reached home, we went to their apartment and brought Shyam’s pant for her as he was the only one as tall as Shruti. Vinod was fucking her inside the car with all windows raised as he was driving the car all time watching her getting fucked. We waited for him to come out and then we gave her the pant. She wore the pant and got out of the car. They all kissed each other and waved good bye to us while we took our car home

Shruti was looking out of the window smiling “That was the best day of my life”

Me - My life too

Shruti - You are the greatest husband in the world

Me - You are the greatest wife

She then silently thought about something for 2 minutes and asked me “Isn’t it time for us to put a break to all this and have a baby?”


Chapter 20

Shruti then silently thought about something for 2 minutes and asked me “Isn’t it time for us to put a break to all this and have a baby?”

I smiled 

Shruti - What are you smiling for?

Me - I was about to ask you the exact same thing

Shruti - Wow.. I have been asking about having children for a long time. Now what made you ask it?

Me - Just looking at the way things are going for the past one month. It wont be long before we get caught doing something so stupid

Shruti - Even I feel the same. We are crossing limits pretty often. They are giving me a lot of pleasure. But I should stop it sometime

Me - Yes. Good that we cut the line here with Bharath’s friends

Shruti - Yes. They are genuinely good guys. But we had to do it. There is no way to put an end to our office connections I guess

Me - I don’t think they will blackmail us anymore.&nbsp; Now, they are friends with us. I think pregnancy will work with them. Once you get pregnant, convincing them wont be a big deal

Shruti - So, I never get to have a taste of Pandian? That is so sad

Me - Shut up

Shruti - Ha ha.. Again. You just saw me fucked by 7 guys on water falls. Still you are getting angry for me flirting with this one guy?

Me - Yes. Maybe because of the way he talks about you. How can you love someone as ugly as him? Also you have seen it yourself.. How badly he talks about you. He doesn’t have any respect for you at all

Shruti - Yes.. His face is ugly. But have you seen his body shape? That is the perfect shape any woman would expect from a man. Add the amount of hair on his body. He is the perfect alpha male. They are the kind of males whom women lust for deep inside their minds but wont tell that openly

Me - Ok.. Enough praising him. He is scolding you in the dirtiest way possible and you are praising him like this

Shruti - You don’t understand yet. He is the kind of guy women like to submit to. When I see him scolding me and treat me like shit, it only increases my love for him

Me - Love? What? Do you love him?

She stayed silent for sometime

Me - Don’t you love me then?

Shruti - Don’t ask such stupid questions. Of course I love you. There is no way I will turn my back on you. You are the best guy any woman could ever get. You love me and you look after me. Nobody can care for me like you. Nobody can understand me like you. What i have for him is infatuation. There is a part of me which wants to submit to him. 

Me - What if he loves you?

Shruti - I could love him back

Me - Then you will leave me?

Shruti - Of course I won’t. You are my husband till the end of my life. I may love both of you. But if I am asked to choose between you two, it is always you

Me - That is too sweet of you. If you really want Pandian, you have to give a shot. I don’t want to be in the way of your dream

Shruti (with her hands on her cheeks) - Is that really my husband talking?

Me - Yes dear. As long as you love me, you are free to do anything you want

Shruti - Ha ha.. Don’t worry dear. We have anyway decided to try for a baby. I don’t want to bring Pandian into this and complicate things

Me - Wow.. Is this my wife talking?

She punched me on my shoulders

Shruti - Yes. Let us plan for a baby dear. My fertility window starts next week. We will reach a deal with our team saying that I won’t be available for them during the fertility window every month. Other weeks, we can spend it as usual.&nbsp; Once I get pregnant, we can put an end to this completely

Me - That sounds like a good plan. We will talk to the team about this tomorrow. 

Shruti - Wow.. I won’t be having sex for around a year then. Looks scary to me

Me - Oh. You want to get back to your old ways after child birth?

Shruti - Of course. I will wait till my pregnancy scars heal. Once it is done and I am safe to have sex with men, you can count on me to start all over again. Maybe get Pandian fuck me. ha ha

Me - You will never give up on him. Will you?

Shruti - Ha ha.. I have heard that women’s sexual libido increases after child birth. It is better we do a vasectomy operation along with child birth.

Me - Whatever you wish dear

We reached home and slept till Sunday evening. We were way too tired to cook food. We ordered food for door delivery and had them. Monday morning, we went to the office. Bharath gave a friendly smile. We had decided to keep the involvement of his friends to ourselves and Bharath accepted. That day at lunch, I started the topic

Me - Guys. I have something to tell

Aarthi - What is it?

Shruti - We decided to have baby together

Santosh - That is a really great news. Happy for you two. Even Aarthi and I have already started trying for baby

Me - Yes. I know it will take some time. But meanwhile, we need some cooperation in this from you

Santosh - What? You want us to be the sperm donors..

Every one laughed

Me - No. I want the child to be mine. Shruti’s fertility window is next week. She won’t be available for you guys during that time. Every month, I want you to leave her with me during the fertility window alone. It may take 2 or 3 months to successfully get her conceived. Till then, you may have to give her up during the fertility window weeks. You can have her during the other weeks. But after pregnancy, I feel she should stop doing all these. It is bad for her health

Santosh - Yes.. I perfectly understand. We have had enough taste of her. But if Aarthi also gets pregnant at the same time, it might get difficult for me to control. But that is the right thing to do

Aarthi - Yes. He might have to go to prostitutes. He is an uncontrollable idiot

Me - Ha ha. Thanks Santosh

Aarthi - Happy for you two.. Never thought I will be telling that to you people. We have suddenly started loving you as a couple

Bharath - Nice.. Will I get double shift per week during non-fertility period for compensation

Shruti - Whatever you wish, child. Anyway you won’t last more than a minute

Pandian - Can a slut like you stop this all of a sudden?

Shruti - That is none of your business. I will do everything I can to control myself

Pandian - Nice work, bitch

Santosh - Stop it Pandian

Pandian - You shut up. This bitch has acted like she had been blackmailed by you guys and forced into doing this. She has planned things well and had you people fuck her as she always wanted. Now she is putting an end to this as she always wanted. She just used you people. Don’t think she sees you as a friend. She has always used people for her personal needs. She has done that well

Shruti - I have done everything they have asked for. Don’t speak like this just because you didn’t have a chance to do it with me you jealous pig. If you want, come and take me tonight. Don’t talk bad things about our friendship

Pandian - I don’t want to fuck you. Don’t try to seduce me into this. 

Shruti - Then what do you want?

Pandian - Will you do anything for your friends?

Shruti - Yes I will

Pandian - Will you sleep with our manager Vivek?

Shruti - What? Why would I do it? 

Pandian - For the team. They are your friends right?

Shruti - Why does the team want me to sleep with him?

Pandian - Because, he may give bad reviews about our team in the performance review next week. That would mean, none of us will get proper salary increment

Shruti - That is not the case. He usually gives good reviews for me

Pandian - That is the point. You and Dilip always get good reviews. But not us. If you are really not selfish and you want to help us, you will sleep with him. 

Shruti - Don’t talk yourselves for the rest of the team. They may not want it

Pandian - Actually, they do. We had a discussion about this and had a plan in place. 

Shruti - Who do you mean by we?

Santosh - Stop this Pandian

Pandian - It was I, Santosh and Aarthi. We had a plan and thought of asking you to do this. Now that you told your child birth plans, they backed away. 

Shruti - What exactly is the plan? 

Pandian - The plan is to make you seduce him, have him try his hands on you and blackmail him with that video and force him to give everyone proper hike. You don’t even need to have sex with him. We can project it as a rape attempt. That will force him to fight for more budget to his higher authorities
 
Shruti - Is this true Aarthi?

Aarthi - Yes it is. But you don’t have to do it. You are planning for a childbirth

Shruti - Don’t worry about that. This is just a one day thing. We can do it during a non-fertile period. Above all, I need to just seduce him. I don’t even need to have sex with him. 

Aarthi - Yes. It would be disgusting to have sex with such a guy
(Vivek is a short fat and black guy with a bald head. His age is 35. He is definitely not the kind of guy women would want to sleep with)

Shruti - Nothing is disgusting for me when it comes to sex and you know that. I am totally fine with this

Santosh - Are you sure?

Shruti - Anything for you guys. Just plan it within this week. My fertility window starts next monday. Pandian.. Does that answer your doubts on my friendship with you people? At least now, start saying bad things about me

Pandian just bowed his head in shame and didn’t reply

We had an awkward silence for the rest of the lunch time

At home, I asked Shruti if she was alright

Shruti - Yes, I am dear. Are you angry with me for agreeing to do it?

Me - No dear. What you did was correct? Establishing a strong friendship is the foundation for us to get out of this. Looks like you somehow managed to get Pandian eat his own words

Shruti - Yes. Hopefully he stops hating me now

Me - Ha ha.. Are you trying anything with him?

Shruti - No dear. Why would I do that against your wish? There is a reason why we need Pandian to our side. He also has my nude pictures and videos. He could use it to blackmail me for anything. It wont be long before he realizes that he has an upper hand over me. Before that, we should get him to our side and make friends with him.

Me - You are cunning and clever

Shruti - Yes I am

That is when we got a message in our Whatsapp group

Santosh - How about planning for a team outing this Friday? Vivek told he had budget for this quarter’s outing

Bharath - Yes. I am in. 

Shruti - Is that when you are planning for the seduction thing?

Santosh - Yes. 

Shruti - Ok. Can you tell the detailed plan?

Santosh - We are going to book a beach resort. We will have lunch, play volleyball for sometime in the beach. Then we will be going to the swimming pool in the evening. That is where you need to start your seduction. Our plan is to stay there overnight. In the evening we will have drinks. As everyone will be drunk, we are booking rooms to stay at night. In the drinks, we are planning to mix viagra tablets for Vivek. If you could seduce him properly, the tablets will definitely make him horny and he will lose control. We will place cameras in his room. Once his rape attempt is recorded, we can come and save you. We can use it to blackmail him. 

Shruti - Wow. How do you guys come up with such plans?

Santosh - Thanks for the compliment. One more thing. Dilip should not come that day. If he is there, Vivek will not take any step towards you

Me - Sounds fair. I will say that I am not feeling well that day

Shruti - If this goes well, will Mr. Pandian accept me as a friend?

Pandian - I already have accepted you as a friend. Sorry for everything I said before

Chapter 21

The day finally arrived. I sent a mail to the team and manager from home saying that I am not coming as I had to go to my hometown. Shruti was dressed to kill that day. This is the first time she was wearing the mini-skirt in Chennai. She had gone to beauty parlor the previous day to wax her legs cleanly. She had bought a pair of high heels too. She wore the high heeled footwear and stood in front of me. Her sexy legs looked even hotter. Especially her calves. They were accentuated with the high heels. Her smooth knees and thighs looked just perfect with the mini-skirt. She wore sleeveless tops which showed her smooth arms and armpits. She wore a handbag, She told them that she would come to the resort directly. She didn’t want anyone from office see her in this dress. 

She drove the car herself and left. I had some chores to do. I went out to do that and returned back at night. I felt restless. I called Shruti at around 11 PM to ask if things went fine. She didn’t pick up the call. I tried the number of other people. No one picked up. I thought they all fell asleep. After watching a movie for sometime, I also fell asleep

The next morning, I woke up hearing the bell sound. I opened the door to see Shruti in a completely messed up state. She was not injured. Her hair was dis-shelved. Her face looked so drowsy. She was too tired to walk. She just went to our bedroom and collapsed on the bed. There was a message from Santosh in our group “Sorry Shruti and Dilip. We didn’t expect it to go that way. Hope you didn’t mind :)”

I had no idea about what happened. I called him and asked. He narrated everything

Santosh’s narration ————————

Nothing too bad dude. I think Shruti wont mind this. She should be tired by now. Things didn’t go exactly as per plan. But we got what we wanted. I will explain it to you in a way you will enjoy it

We reached the resort for lunch. Shruti was already there. She was definitely dressed for the occasion. That was good choice of dress. We saw that Vivek kept looking at her legs and thighs. The was a good start. Then we had lunch. Shruti was doing all minor things to get the attention of Vivek. She took the food and sat on a chair in front of Vivek with one leg over the other leg. That accentuated the beauty of her legs and the skirt moved up to show even more. Vivek was already feeling so horny. We could tell it from his face.

Then we played volleyball for sometime. Shruti, Vivek and Pandian were in same team. Others were in different team. Do I need to explain how she looked while playing volleyball? That was when he started making the first move. She patted on her ass whenever she played well. She jumped up high now and then showing a part of her ass. Vivek was finding it hard to control already. It was time to go swimming

That was where your wife made jaws drop. We all jumped into the pool with shorts. Aarthi was wearing knee length shorts and t shirt. Your wife came there in a fucking bikini. 

Dilip - What? Bikini? I didn’t even know she had bikini

Santosh continued… She had bikini. I don’t know anything about when she bought it. Luckily it was a private pool allocated for us. If not, we would have had a tough time keeping other men away from us. She came out of the changing room in a bikini. Her ass shook for every step she took. Even Aarthi couldn’t control herself seeing Shruti like that. The bikini panties barely covered her ass. It was just a triangle covering her pussy and a thing line that had gone hiding in her ass crack. She looked almost nude. Her bra just covered her nipples. They looked like mangoes. That was when I realized that her boobs have gained size recently. They also bounced as she walked and jumped into the water. We were swimming both sides. We gathered in the form of circle in the swimming pool and started talking. I wanted to break the ice

Me - What happened Shruti? You look like a whole different person today

Shruti - Ha ha. This is the real me. 

Me - Where was the real you hiding all these days? Afraid of your husband?

Shruti - Yes you are right. He doesn’t like me wearing such dresses

Bharath - What a shame? You look so hot in this dress

Shruti - Thanks for the compliment Bharath. We better don’t take photos here. I don’t want Dilip to know any of this

Pandian - Ha ha. But it would be nice if you could let us take one photo of you so that we can use it later. We won’t show it to anyone

Shruti - Sure Pandian.. Anything for you, naughty fellow

We all went outside the pool. We took our mobiles from our bags. Shruti posed for us like a model. We all took one picture of her. Vivek looked totally lost in the swimming pool. He told he can’t take pictures as his wife checks his phone often.

After the photo session we jumped into the swimming pool. We had a swimming contest. We decided to race from one end of the pool to the other end and then come back. To make it interesting, we decided to play just two people per round and see who wins. We challenged each other. First I challenged Bharath and won. Then Aarthi challenged Vivek and defeated him. Then Shruti challenged Pandian. When they reached one end of the pool, Shruti was ahead of Pandian. While returning, he was close to Shruti. That was when he put his hands on her panties and pulled them. We all started laughing. Shruti tried to escape his hold in the pool. But Pandian managed to pull of her panties totally. Shruti was in the pool with just a bikini bra on.

Vivek asked Aarthi “What is happening here? Won’t she get angry for these things?”

Aarthi - She is pretty much like this whenever Dilip is not around

Vivek - Oh.. I knew she is a open minded person. I didn’t know she lets guys go to this extent

Aarthi - It is not like she has sex with others. But she lets people play with her now and then. Guys used to press her body parts often in office when Dilip is not nearby.

Vivek - I didn’t know that

Aarthi - But be careful. This is all she lets them do. Just touch her. Don’t think you could get her to bed

Shruti was chasing Pandian asking for her panties. He threw the panties to me. I caught and threw them to Vivek. Vivek was nervous at first. But then he threw them to Bharath. She came near Bharath. Just when she was close enough, he threw them to Pandian. Shruti turned towards Pandian and went to get it. But Bharath held her bra knot from behind and pulled them away. Shruti realized it only after she lost her bra. She hid her boobs with her hands.

Me - What are you hiding Shruti? All that bra was hiding was your nipples. Everything else was in open only. What makes you feel shy suddenly?

Shruti acted like she was genuinely angry now.

Shruti - Shut up and give back my dress. Don’t try to take advantage of me. Just because I am wearing glamorous dresses doesn’t mean you can do things like this

Me - Don’t feel shy dear. We will remove your shyness.

Bharath and Pandian threw her panties and bra far from the pool. She shouted at us “You bastards. This is it. You crossed the limits. Get my dress or I will complain about you”

Bharath - We don’t mind Shruti. If you want you go and take it

Shruti - How can I go out nude? Now go and get the inners. Or things will get bad.

Pandian - Guys.. She is feeling shy to go out nude. Let us help her lose her shyness

Shruti looked at Vivek and told - Vivek. Do something. You are the manager. These guys are crossing the limit

Vivek just looked there lost not knowing what to do. I, Bharath and Pandian went near her, lifted her up on our shoulders. I was holding her shoulders. Bharath was in the middle of us with her ass on his sholders. Pandian had her legs on his shoulders. Shruti was completely nude out in the open. We marched around the swimming pool holding her like that. Then we carried her out of the swimming pool like that. There was a two feet high kids swimming pool nearby, we threw her into the pool and went back to our swimming pool. She got up from the kids swimming pool hiding her boobs with her hands, ran towards her dresses, took them and then ran fast to the dressing room. She then walked away angrily wearing the mini skirt she was wearing earlier.

We had a good swim and gathered in the evening for dinner and drinks. We knew what Vivek usually drinks and mixed the tablets in it. Shruti was in her room. We had a conversation with Vivek.

Vivek - Where is Shruti?

Santosh - I saw her in her room

Pandian - I think we should apologize. We took her liberty for granted

Bharath - Yes. She is genuinely pissed off. 

Vivek - Come on guys. What you did there was wrong. Just go and apologize

We acted like we went to apologize. Then we returned back and told him that she is still mad at us. Vivek told he will convince her. Vivek went there. That was the last we saw them. The camera was fit inside the room. We had wireless transmission to see what was happening there. We went to the room to see what was happening. We knew that the effect of the tablets would have started now. We were intently watching the camera. Vivek went inside. Shruti was sitting on the bed with her hands on her cheeks. He sat near her trying to console her

We could barely hear the conversation properly. Then he put his hands on her thighs suddenly. She got up and shouted at him. We could hear them properly now as they were louder

Shruti - What are you doing?

Vivek - I heard from Aarthi that you don’t mind these things. 

Shruti - What? Don’t lie. Are you drunk. I don’t mind wearing glamorous dresses. But that doesn’t mean I let guys touch me like that

Vivek - Cool down cool down. Don’t treat me like that just because I am old and I look ugly

Shruti - Don’t come near me. I don’t let anyone to touch me like that.

Vivek - Now stop acting bitch and get to the bed now

The tablets and what Aarthi told him had taken effects on him. He put his hands on her shoulders. She tried to run away. But he held her tops and pulled them. They tore off. He pulled her to bed and literally shredded every single piece of what she was wearing. She was nude within seconds. He pushed her to the bed and sat over her stomach. You know how much he weighs. Shruti just couldn’t move an inch. That was when I decided to go and save her. But Pandian stopped me. 

Me - What are you doing?

Pandian - Don’t go. Let him have his way with her

Me - What are you saying? That guy looks like an animal. We shouldn’t let her down

Pandian - This is the moment to test her loyalty towards us

Me - What do you mean?

Pandian - When she accepted to do this, it was because she didn’t really need to have sex with him. That is not a proper test for her friendship and loyalty. This is a great opportunity to test this

Me - That is too much

Pandian - Do you really think she is going to feel bad for getting fucked like this?

Me - She loves sex. But sex with that guy is not what anyone would love

Pandian - Come on. She had sex with the ugly old men. Vivek belongs to that league.

Me - What do you want to do now?

Pandian - Let Vivek have his way with her. The test is to see if she decides to give up on the us and tell the truth that we planned it for her. I say she will bail out on us and tell him about the camera.

Me - Won’t that end up be a problem for us?

Pandian - No. We still have the video. That would expose the truth about Shruti. If she undergoes it without telling a single word about our plan, we have got a good friend

Me - Butttttt…

Pandian - What but? Just sit and watch

This is what happened Dilip. I was also a bit drunk to take wise decisions. I will forward the complete video to you. That viagra seemed to have a telling effect on him and Shruti had a pretty bad night. Watch it if you have a strong heart. But the outcome is Shruti proved her friendship and Pandian had to eat his own words. We will apologize to her separately tomorrow. Also, Pandian had given her an imported tablet that will prevent pregnancy. So, don’t worry after you watch the video

Santosh’s narration ends —————————

I said bye to him. I got the video link in five minutes. I opened it and watched. It was an 8 hour video. It started with their conversation which Santosh told. I forwarded it to the moment he tore away her dresses. 

Vivek removed his dresses sitting on her stomach. Shruti tried punching him an his chest and stomach. Nothing worked. Vivek looked funny when he was nude. He had a huge pot belly. His dick was just 4 inch in length. It was not even visible above his belly. I thought there is no way he could have done anything bad to Shruti. He put Shruti’s legs on his shoulders and inserted it in her pussy while biting her legs. I watched it continuously for 15 minutes. Nothing changed. Shruti was still moaning. But she was not loving it in any way. I then forwarded it by another 15 minutes. He was in the same position fucking her. Shruti looked totally exhausted with just small movements now and then. At times, Vivek pulled his dick back and pushed it in completely with force. Shruti shrieked at those times. Otherwise nothing was happening. I forwarded it to another half an hour. They were in the same position. This time Shruti was totally motionless. Her eyes were open. But she didn’t move an inch. He was still fucking her like an animal. He slapped her once in a while to wake her up and asked her to make some noise. But she couldn’t. Both of them were sweating hard even in the air conditioned room. Vivek fell on her body. I thought everything was over. But his ass was till moving to and fro. He lay on her breast. Held her shoulders with both hands and put all his power to fuck her even hard. Shruti jerked for every push. It was a horrible scene to watch for me.

The big fat black guy was lying on my beautiful brahmin wife with fair body. Below her breast, I couldn’t see Shruti’s body at all. It was totally covered by the beast. I could just see her ankles below him which moved every time he pushed his dick insider her. She suddenly started crying. I couldn’t hear it properly. He beat her shoulders slowly and asked him to get up. From their body language I felt that she told him he couldn’t hold his weight anymore. He then moved aside and asked her to ride him. There was no way she would be able to do that. She was already exhausted. But he made her sit on his dick which was erect even now. It turned out the viagra tablet was too powerful. Shruti rode him for 2 minutes. But she couldn’t do it anymore and fell limp on his body. But he pushed her and made her sit upright, held her shoulders and tried to make her move. Shruti tried to gyrate her ass on his dick. But he didn’t like it. He held her tightly and started pushing his ass up and down to fuck her.&nbsp; Shruti tried to stay in this position for sometime. She got tired and moved down to suck his dick. She sucked it as hard as possible. But within 2 minutes, he pulled her up. Shruti begged her to stop this. But Vivek was also drunk. He was in no mood to listen. He made her lie on the bed on her side. He lay on the bed on his side facing her. He lifted one leg of Shruti and placed it over his thighs and started fucking her. This position was better for Shruti as she didn’t have to spend her energy anymore. I forwarded the video again and again for almost an hour. At last, he held her hair and dragged her to a dressing table nearby. Shruti couldn’t stand properly. I saw her body was full of sweat, her crotch and inner thighs were dark reddish. Her face looked like a mess.

He made her stand in front of the mirror. He was shorter than her. He stood behind her and pulled her hair down towards him. Shruti had to bend her head backwards. He fucked her pussy from behind for around 10 minutes. Shruti fell down multiple times. But he lifted her up and fucked her. Shruti then balanced herself by placing two hands on the dressing table. Vivek lifted her face up to make sure she looked at her face in the mirror while fucking her. By the end of the 10 minutes, He started ejaculating. He was screaming like a godzilla and his whole body was shaking too hard. Shruti also started screaming. A river of sperm started flowing out of her pussy. If she had been in her fertile window, she would have been definitely pregnant. The sperm leaked out of her pussy like waterfalls. They fell down on the floor. Vivek crawled his way back to the bed. But Shruti lay there limp on the floor. They slept till midnight. I forwarded the video till then. Then I saw him wake up and he went to Shruti to wake her up. She woke up but told him not to do anything.

Vivek took the hotel phone and made a call. He sat down wearing a towel. After 15 minutes. The bell rang. He went to the door and got something. It was some food and soft drinks. He woke Shruti up and asked her to eat them. Vivek just had one coke. Once Shruti was done with the food, he dragged her to the bed. Made her lie on the bed face down. Shruti was down flat. He then mounted her from behind. Shruti made some feeble attempts to push him away. But he held her tightly to the bed. This time, he fucked her ass. 

I couldn’t watch it anymore. I forwarded it till the end. From the glimpses I saw, He had fucked her ass for another hour. Then he also collapsed on the bed and fell asleep. Shruti lay there on the bed with her asshole filled with cum. Around morning 4 AM, the door opened. It was Pandian and Santhosh. They had key to the room which they were supposed to use to save her. Both were concerned about Shruthi. They lifted her on her shoulders. Pandian took her dresses and they went out. The video didn’t have anything after that.

I finished watching it in my laptop and someone touched my shoulders. It was Shruti. She asked me “Will Pandian stop hating me now?”


Chapter 22

Shruti took rest throughout the Saturday. She ate well and slept. Sunday, she was a bit fresh. But she went to bed after having breakfast. We had a small conversation in our Whatsapp group

Santosh - Every thing is ready. We just have to show this video to Vivek and blackmail him to get the hike and promotions we need. Thanks to Shruti for the amazing sacrifice she made for us.

Bharath&nbsp; - I just saw the video. I am extremely sorry Shruti. I was totally drunk that night and fell asleep. If I were in proper senses, I would have definitely come to save you

Aarthi - I left the guys to save you and went to sleep. I don’t know what happened. As a woman, I know how you would have felt. Take care of yourselves. Rest throughout the weekend. We all love you so much. You are the best friend we could ever get. Take care dear

Shruti replied after 2 hours

Shruti - Thanks for all your kind words guys. I will do anything for you guys. Disappointing to see that the guy who actually doubted me and made me undergo this didn’t even care to ask me how I am.

Santosh - How did you know it was him?

Shruti - I knew that you guys actually cared for me. The only guy who could possibly be responsible for this is Pandian. And I was actually awake when you called Dilip yesterday morning.

Santosh - That was too bad of him

That was when the bell rang. I opened the door. It was Pandian. He was standing there with a bouquet of flowers in his hand.&nbsp; He saw me and apologized immediately “I am so sorry man. I hope she is not injured or anything”

Me - No injury as such. Just tired.

Pandian - Nice.. Where is she?

I pointed him to the bed room. He went in and gave her the bouquet. Shruti sat upright on her bed seeing him. He gave her the bouquet, said sorry and left.

I looked confused and asked Shruti “what happened to him?”

Shruti smiled and said “His ego wont let him to see me as a friend yet. But at least I am not his enemy anymore.”

Me - You are a good mind reader. By the way, your fertility window starts tomorrow right?

Shruti - Yes dear. That is why I am taking as much rest as possible. Hope you avoided masturbation for the past 3 days.. I want you to store all your sperm cells for me

Me - Almost leaked them out after seeing that video. But I controlled it at the last moment

Shruti - You sick bastard. You got horny seeing your wife being ravaged by that beast?

Me - I will get horny if I see you get fucked. Doesn’t matter who.

She kissed me and then fell asleep.&nbsp; We went to the office on Monday. Shruti was back to her normal self.

Once we reached office. Everyone in our team went to Shruti’s place one by one to check if she is fine. They were happy to see her smiling. Aarthi and Shruti had a long discussion. Aarthi told it was a good thing that Vivek had such a short dick. It would have been a big problem if his dick was very long. Pandian also came and asked if she was fine and went. Everyone smiled.

Vivek came to the office. He didn’t face any of us and went directly to the manager’s room. Managers in our office had a separate private room. Santosh followed him to his room. Then both of them went to a meeting room. Santosh waved us all to come inside the meeting room. We went in. Santhosh connected his laptop and started playing that video. Vivek asked him to stop it

Vivek - Was this a master plan to get me into this?

Santosh - That is none of your business. We could spoil both your personal and professional life with it. I could forward a part of the clip to the HR team and get you fired or to your wife and get you a divorce.

Vivek - What do you want?

Santosh - We want good ratings for all of the team members

Vivek - That is not possible now. I have already submitted the review

Santosh - That is a lie. You can modify the reviews till the end of the week

Vivek - How can I give good review to everyone? The management wont believe

Santosh - You can make it happen. You are the manager. Comparatively speaking, our team members get the lowest hike in the office. You are doing this so that you can get good name from your manager and get better salary. For this one year, shut up and sacrifice your hike and bonus for the team’s sake

Vivek - I shouldn’t have even come to the resort party

Santosh - That is your problem. Are you accepting the deal now?

Vivek - Do I have a choice?

Santosh - Not that I know of

Vivek - Ok.. I will get 20 percent hike for all of you. Is that fine?

Santosh - 20 percent? Are you kidding me? Whey are we going to do such a big thing to get 20 percent hike

Vivek - How much do you want?

Santosh - 40 percent

Vivek - Don’t joke. You know that it is totally impossible to get so much hike in our company. The maximum I could go is till 30 percent. Even that is not simple

Santosh - If 30 percent is possible, I want you to get that for us. We don’t care about how difficult it is

Vivek - It is hard to get 30 percent for everyone. I need to get lower hike for at least one person

Pandian - I have a plan for that. You don’t have to give me any hike at all

Vivek - Really? What else do you want then? 

Pandian - Initiate VISA process for me. I want to work in Europe for a year

Vivek - I can initiate work visa processing anytime. But the Europe team manager must be willing to hire you

Pandian - I will take care of that

Vivek - Whatever.. I think I can do that

Pandian - Fine

Vivek - Shall I ask you something?

Santosh - Yes.. Go ahead.

Vivek - How long were you guys planning this?

Santosh - Ha ha. Good question. We planned this just one week back

Vivek - How did Shruti accept for such a horrible plan?

Santosh - That is a big story. You don’t have to know that

Vivek - Why did you do this Shruti? I have always been an encouraging manager for you. You have always received good salary hike from me. Then why did you do this against me

Shruti - Sorry, Vivek. To be frank, you were not giving the hike for my performance. If I really performed well, you would have given me promotion. You gave me hike because that way, no one else will know

Bharath - Oh.. Our manager had planned a separate route to court Shruti. We didn’t know that

Vivek - Yes. You are right. I am a dirty minded person and I paid the price for it. Sorry for everything. Hope this stays within our team

Vivek left. We all celebrated our success. Everyone hugged Shruti in the room. Bharath, the usual naughty guy he is, pressed Shruti’s ass tightly. Shruti slapped him playfully. Pandian came to her and gave her a friendly hug. Shruti’s face glowed brightly. She told “If I had known you will try to move to Europe with my help, I wouldn’t have done this at all”

Pandian Why Shruti? Do you hate me

Shruti - No. I never hated you. Just thought I could taste you sometime

Pandian - I don’t think there is a chance. Remember lady, your fertility window starts today. Save your body for Dilip

Shruti - Yes I will(giving him a romantic smile)

They finished talking and looked around to find the rest of the team staring at them intently. I didn’t know how to react. I hated Pandian forever. But I was happy that he had become friendly with Shruti. Given that we were planning to have child and he was going abroad, I didn’t have to fear that he will bed Shruti 

Santosh - So. You guys are going to start attempting today. Can you show us a live telecast?

Aarthi - Yes. It would be a great idea. It is funny and ironical that, we have seen everyone fuck Shruti but not her own husband

Shruti - Cheeee.. I feel shy

Bharath - Wow.. Look at that. This is the first time I have seen her shy. Have you guys seen it?

Shruti - Shut up. I was just kidding. We can have a video conference tonight. Pandian, you will also join?

Pandian - No, thanks

Shruti - Why? Is it because you will feel jealous?

Pandian - Shut up, bitch. I think I need to deal with you like before. You are doing too much if I talk to you with some respect

Shruti - Stop calling me bitch, you beast

Pandian - You are always a&nbsp; bitch

Shruti - Get lost beast

Everyone had hearty laugh and went to work.

We went home in the evening, set up video conference. Santosh, Aarthi and Bharath joined. We had lights on so that they can see us clearly. I did everything she liked. Licking her legs, ass and pussy. She was having sex HER WAY after a long time. She was aroused a lot. I licked her pussy for around 30 minutes and juices were flowing fast. I put her in missionary position with pillow under her ass which gives her a better chance of pregnancy. I was able to fuck her continuously for 10 minutes. For some reason Shruti was much more excited and noisy than she was normally with me. She screamed “Aaaaaahhhhh.. Fuck me… You animal.. Fuck me……” I couldn’t understand why she was shouting like that. But her voice excited me more. I fucked her so fast. She had her eyes closed all the time. She screamed non-stop till we both climaxed together and I deposited all my sperm into her body. The last words she shouted were “Aaaahhhh.. Fuck me you beast.. I love you Pandian”

Chapter 23

I ejaculated hard in her pussy but I had a big problem to worry about. My wife just shouted another guy’s name when I was fucking her. Shruti got back her senses after she had orgasmed and gave a guilty look at me. I rolled aside on the bed. The guys on the video conference just giggled. I asked them to log off. There was a pin drop silence. I was lying next to her . Shruti started talking after 10 minutes

Shruti - Sorry.. Dilip

Me - Were you thinking about him when I was fucking you?

Shruti - Yes.. I don’t want to lie to you. I was thinking about him. Does that make you so angry? You have seen me having sex with others. Why does this bother you?

Me - I don’t know. Maybe it is just him. If you had told someone else’s name, I wouldn’t have worried much

Shruti - Come on. He doesn’t tell bad things about me these days. Why do you still hate him?

Me - He doesn’t say anything to you. But it’s the way he sees me. Nowadays, he doesn’t talk much with me. He looks down at me and belittles me. I don’t know why

Shruti - Yes. I have noticed that

Me - Keeping that aside. Why are you suddenly getting too close with him? You managed to stay away from him for a long time after marriage. What happened now?

Shruti - I was able to control myself before the resort thing happened. I went by their plan in the resort only to make sure that they become our friends. Or else they would have blackmailed us forever. But something unplanned happened that day

Me - What was that?

Shruti - Did Santosh tell you that we were at the swimming pool playing?

Me - Yes. He told you were in bikini and Pandian removed it

Shruti - When I got into the pool itself I saw Pandian wearing just his trunks. When he got out of the water in the middle I saw him clearly. Two things struck me. One was his body. He was tall, muscular and very hairy

Me - Didn’t you know that before?

Shruti - I had a vague idea. But to see him with just his boxers was a whole different thing. He looked like a powerful beast. His chest was so muscular. I have never scene such a muscular chest even with hollywood heroes. They were so big and strong. There was lot of hair and he looked so manly. His shoulders were even better than his chest. The shoulder muscles were raising up to his neck. His biceps, triceps and forearms…. aaaaahhhhh

She closed her eyes and started fingering herself while she was speaking

Me - What happened Shruti? Remember, we have decided to put an end to all this

Shruti - Yes I know. I just couldn’t get him off my mind.

Me - If we do it properly this week, we may know the results soon and you will have to stop having sex with others too

Shruti - Yes. Above all, he won’t be interested in doing this. I should give up on my dreams

Me - Ok.. You told that two things struck you. What was the other one?

Shruti - When he was outside the water I also saw his tool shape on the boxers

Me - What?? Enough.. Stop talking now

Shruti - No.. Aaaahhh.. You should hear it. It was a bit bent inside his boxers. So it definitely was not erect. But even when it was not erect it would have been around 7 inches in length. Much longer than your erect dick

Me - Now stop this

I couldn’t control my dick from getting erect after hearing all this. Shruti&nbsp; took my dick in her hands

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. I can’t stop thinking about it. I was curious to see how big it gets when it is erect. You know what I did?

Me - Please don’t tell.. Aaahhh.

Shruti - Hear it pussy boy. When he took away my dress and I was trying to get it from him, I actually used the chance and put my hands on his dick. I hugged him from behind. With one hand I tried to get my dress and with other hand I was actually pressing his dick over his boxers. I got the dick erect. Yes. Your wife put her hand on that beast’s dick to get it erect and check its size. Are you hearing this?

Me - Aaaahhhh. Yes I am listening. But don’t talk about him to me. Please

Shruti - It got erect. I felt it. Though I couldn’t see it in the water, i felt it. It was definitely more than 10 inch long. And you should hear how thick his dick was

Me - Noooooo

Now Shruti was sitting between my legs holding my dick and shagging it. I pushed her to the bed, mounted on her and started fucking her again

Shruti - I couldn’t hold his dick completely with my palm. Then imagine how big it was…. Aaaahhh

Me - You liked it?

Shruti - Of course I liked it. It was like holding a huge pipe. Aaaahhhh.. You still hate me getting horny for him?

Me - Noo….. I won’t hate you even if you have sex with him

Shruti - Yeah… Aaaahhhh. His dick was bigger than your forearms. His arms were bigger than your thighs. He could lift me up like a toy and fuck me for a week continuously without taking rest. Aaahhhh. He could just pick me up with one hand throw me around like a toy. I could try all crazy positions with him.

Me - Mmmmm.. But you don’t like guys handling you like that

Shruti - Come on dumb ass. You know that I like to dominate and also being dominated. Pandian is the perfect dominant I could ever ask for.. 

She was getting closer to orgasm

Me - But it is too late

Shruti - Shut up.. Don’t spoil my mood. Pandian’s dick.. Aaaahhhh.. Aaahhhh.. Cum inside Pandian.. Aaaaaaaahhhh

We reached orgasm together again. We lay on the bed nude hugging and looking at each other. She said “Don’t worry about it. That was just my lusty side speaking. I will not try for him. Getting a child is important for us”

Chapter 24

The next day, we went to office. Pandian threw a wicked smile at us. Definitely someone must have told what happened. It must have been Bharath. I couldn’t face him. Shruti smiled at him. We went to our respective places. We decided not to talk about this. We refused any video conference after that incident. For one week, till her fertility window was over, no one touched her. A week after that, their games started. They told they wanted to make the best use of her before her pregnancy. The guys started to take more and more risks. Even though it was not her fertility window, Shruti forced them to wear condoms all the time. Santosh took her to his house thrice a week and Bharath came to our house over the weekends and stayed here for two days. It was pretty much non-stop fucking for Shruti.

Guys got more brave during that time. They took riskier moves. Both Bharath and Santosh went to Shruti’s place whenever they are free and pressed her boobs. They even took her boobs out of her dress sometimes. Normally, one guy will play with her while the other guy watches if anyone is coming near. Then they will switch positions. Sometimes, they will make her kneel and give a blowjob to them. Just to make things more thrilling, once Bharath was getting a blowjob from Shruti. His friend from another team was walking down the opposite lane. He was not in a position to see Shruti. But he talked to him for around 10 minutes, while Shruti was giving him blowjob. 

One day, we went early morning to office for a meeting. Bharath was so much horny that day. He took her to the mens restroom. He took her to a toilet cubicle. I was at my desk when I got a call from Bharath. He asked me to come to take condoms from Shruti’s bag and come to the restroom. I went to the restroom and shouted his name, he opened a cubicle door and asked me to give the condoms. I took a glance inside when I gave the condoms, Shruti was sitting on the toilet commode with her legs placed on the two walls of the cubicle. Of course, she was nude. He had put a lot of tissue paper inside her mouth to stop her from screaming. I gave the condoms and came back to my place. I was nervous and didn’t know what to do. After fucking her for 10 minutes, Bharath came to his place with her dresses. Shruti was nowhere to be seen. He gathered the team and told “Shruti has been locked in the toilet. She is nude. Anyone who wants to fuck her can go and have her there. My mobile is with her. If anyone wanted a round with her, you could send a text to signal her to open the door when you enter the washroom”

Santosh and Bharath went there from time to time. Pandian told he didn’t want to go. Shruti was in the gents restroom cubicle without a single piece of cloth throughout the day. In the afternoon, when Bharath was coming out of the room, our manager Vivek saw Shruti inside. He waited till Bharath left. After making sure no one was there, he knocked on the door. Shruti didn’t respond. He knocked multiple times. He then shouted “Shruti. I know you are inside. Now let me in or I will tell about this to everyone”

Shruti - Yes. Go ahead and do it. We still have your video. I will make sure that you get screwed for that

Vivek - Come on. You are letting everyone do it. Wont you let me? Please?

Shruti - That is like a good boy. If you want it ask for it. Don’t try to blackmail me

Vivek - Will you let me in?

Shruti - Why? You fucked me like an animal for a whole night. You are still not tired of me

Vivek - Who will get tired of having sex with a beautiful brahmin woman like you?

Shruti - Aaaaahhh.. Enough of the lies. 

Vivek - Please Shruti.. 

Shruti - Ok.. Come in and finish it soon. You have only 5 minutes time

Santosh went for the next round and was shocked to see Vivek coming out of it. He came back after having a go at her. Santosh then took her clothes and went back to the room. Shruti dressed up, and came to our place. Santosh asked her “Seriously. You did it with Vivek?”

Shruti - Sorry. He was so convincing

Bharath - Still. Even after what happened in the resort, you opened your legs for him? You are a certified slut

Shruti - Come on. What happened there was because of your plan. I did it for you. He had always been a good manager for me

Pandian - Wow. Suddenly the bitch is supporting that bastard

Shruti - Stop it. I thought we are friends now

Pandian - Yes. We are friends now. But still you are a bitch

Shruti - Whatever.. Listen guys. The truth is I felt a bit bad for Vivek when you were blackmailing. He fucked me like that because of the trap you laid for him. So I could not refuse when he asked today. This was a chance for me to make up for what I did to him

Pandian - Good joke. Tell us this was a chance for you to get another dick

Shruti - Think whatever you want

That was when Vivek came there

Vivek - Hey guys. If you don’t mind, can I suggest something

Santosh - What? You want to go to the resort again?

Everyone laughed

Vivek - Not that.. If you want to do such things, you can do it in my room. It is manager room. You can close the door inside. You can have complete privacy. Even the security camera in my room doesn’t work. Rest rooms are too risky

Santosh - Wow. You want us to fuck Shruti in your room so that you can keep a watch on her all the time?

Vivek - I just wanted to help you guys. I thought about what happened during the past weeks and felt. I decided to change my attitude. There is no use saving the money for the company.I&nbsp; could better give better hikes to you and keep you happy

Santosh - That is a good decision. But if you are talking like that to get Shruti again, we have to say it is kind of late. She is planning for pregnancy soon. We hardly have a month

Vivek - Oh. That is sad to hear. But can I ask something? You can use my room whenever you want. I wont force anyone out. Can I just have her once a day?

Bharath - That sounds like a good plan only. It is difficult for us to just play with her boobs in her place. We get a chance like that very rarely. Now that she is going to get pregnant, We need to user her as much as possible. 

Santosh - Yes. That sounds like a good plan. We will take her to Vivek’s room whenever we feel like doing her. Vivek will get a chance with her for one round in the evening. Is that ok for you, Vivek?

Vivek - Yes. That is fine

So that was the routine from that day. Shruti pretty much stayed in Vivek’s room all the time. She hardly had chance to wear her dress. She was getting fucked round the clock. After this arrangement, Santosh didn’t take her home. But Bharath continued coming to our house during weekends. He just loved her. One month went like that. Her fertility window started again. We had awesome sex speaking about Pandian all the time. After the window, things went back to normal. Vivek’s room was her new workstation. Whenever I went there, I found her getting fucked by Santosh, Bharath or Vivek himself. Sometimes Vivek used to answer my work related questions while he was fucking Shruti in standing position from behind with Shruti bent down on his table. Shruti stopped wearing her inners to office. As soon as she entered office, she went into Vivek’s room and came out only for lunch or to use the restroom. She had dress on her for hardly 2 hours per day. She was nude for most of the time. Another month went like that. She couldn’t conceive. 

We decided to have a medical check-up. The result put an end to all my dreams. My sperm count was less and I was not capable of becoming a father.

Chapter 25

Our dreams were all shattered with the results of medical check-up. We were in a pretty bad mood for some days. We didn’t tell anyone else about this. One night I talked to her about this

Me - Shruti. We need to talk about this

Shruti - About what?

Me - About the pregnancy problem

Shruti - What is there to talk? You cannot do anything anyway

Me - Yes. I am so sorry for you. I know how much you were interested in having kids

Shruti - Don’t feel for that. We could find some way

Me - Doctor suggested artificial insemination. Shall we start preparations for that?

Shruti - What? I don’t want to do any artificial insemination

Me - Why not? I thought that is the only option I have

Shruti - I am not willing to take risk with any of these modern technologies for pregnancy. Just forget it

Me - Then what are we supposed to do?

Shruti - I want natural insemination

Me - What? What are you talking about?

Shruti - I want someone to make me pregnant naturally

Me - Are you out of your mind? There are so many problems and complications which we may have to face. What if the guy comes in later and claims the child to be his? What if the child finds out the truth?

Shruti - Yes. I know there are some problems. But we need to be careful and find the right guy

Me - Which guy do we know who can be trusted with such a thing?

Shruti - I have someone in mind. But I am pretty sure you wont accept

Me - Who? Santosh?

Shruti - No.. Pandian

(I just gave a cold stare at her)

Me - Listen. You used his name during our intercourse, that is fine. But that is all fantasy. I don’t want him to father our child for real

Shruti - I knew you will not accept. Your male ego just wont let you do it?

Me - Why him? Of all the people, why him?

Shruti - He is manly, strong and above all, virile. If we give birth to a son, he will be an alpha male, not someone like you. I am pretty sure that he is the most virile guy in all the people we know. If he could impregnate me, I don’t have to worry about virility of so many generations of our family in the future. As long as we are finding someone else to impregnate me, it is better if we find the right man to do it instead of some random guy.

That particular statement upset me. Her focus on virility hurt me. I became silent

Shruti - Sorry dear. I didn’t mean to hurt you

Me - No. Whatever you told.. Does that mean you are disappointed with me as a husband?

Shruti - It is not like that dear. I love you so much. You are still the best husband I could have got. The problem is not all women like guys like you. Women like me are very rare. In future, I don’t want our son to be handicapped in anyway. He must be strong and powerful so that he could get the woman he wants. If it is a daughter it would not be a problem. Hope you understand. It doesn’t mean that I don’t love you. If you feel bad about the idea, I can give up. We can find some other guy

She hugged me tightly with her face on my chest. That gesture melted my heart.

Me - I think, if you want Pandian, then we should go for it.

Shruti - Are you sure?

Me - Yes dear. Anything for you. I am ok with it. But it is not easy

Shruti - I know. There are so many problems

Me - First of all. He still hates you. He has seen you nude and everything. But still he somehow resists you. That is definitely not an easy thing to you. He has resisted you even when he knew you were making moves with him. How can anyone ignore a hot damsel like you?

Shruti - Shut up. I need to notch up moves to get him

Me - And we have the other big problem. He has already started processing Visa. He will leave to Europe within a couple of months. You don’t have much time left

Shruti - That is good in a way. If he could impregnate me and then leave to Europe, that would be the best deal for us. As he is not here, we wont be facing any complications in parenting. We could always stay away from him

Me - What if you couldn’t get him within the two months?

Shruti - Maybe we will go for artificial insemination

Me - There you go. Artificial insemination or natural insemination is not a problem for you. You just like the idea of getting impregnated by Pandian. Correct?

She pushed my shoulders playfully

Shruti - Shut up. Our deal is done. Don’t talk about it anymore

Shruti started taking steps towards our goal from the very next day. Whenever we had lunch together, she sat next to him and made sure her leg was touching his leg. She never missed a chance of crashing into him while moving around in office. He didn’t give any positive reaction. She went a step ahead and started to make open suggestions that she wanted him. Once while we were having lunch, she was sitting at the right side of Pandian and I was sitting to his left. I saw that she put her left hand on his crotch and started shagging him. He kept on pushing her hands aside. But Shruti kept touching his dick. He got pissed off and shouted at her “Stop pulling my dick. Bitch. If you are so hungry for cocks, go to vivek’s room and get fucked by any of these guys” Shruti calmly replied “I get their dicks daily. I just want yours. Come on give it to me once” This threw everyone off the guard. Though everyone had seen her moaning Pandian’s name when I was fucking her, this was her first open display of lust displayed by Shruti on Pandian. Everyone laughed sheepishly

Pandian got up and moved to a different seat. Aarthi decided to start a new conversation to change the topic

Aarthi - Pandian. How is the visa thing going on for you?

Pandian - I got approval for Visa. I will get it in a week. But there are other problems I need to worry about

Aarthi - What is that?

Pandian - The Europe team manager should hire me in his team. Only then I can go there

Santosh - You mean Jason?

Pandian - Yes. I talked to him last week. He told he will is not planning to hire overseas candidates for this year. 

Santosh - He is visiting India next week right? Why don’t you try to convince him?

Pandian - He seems to be pretty stubborn with his stand. I don’t think I can do anything

Shruti - Jason is that black guy correct?

Santosh - Yes. The back Afro-American guy. Tall strong guy with shaved head

Aarthi - Why Shruti? You want to bed him too

Shruti - You are almost right. Pandian, here is the deal. If I somehow convince him to hire you, will I get to taste you in bed?

Pandian - Dilip. Look at your wife. See how slutty she is. 

Shruti - I am talking to you. Reply to me

Pandian - There is no way you are going to convince him

Shruti - You know about my convincing skills

Pandian - Ok. If you somehow managed to do it, I will be available to you for the rest the time I stay in India

Shruti - That is it. Note it down guys. You are all eye-witnesses for his promise.

Bharath - Wow man. Shruti is totally obsessed with Pandian. What did you do Pandian?

Pandian - I didn’t do anything. She is a slut. That is why she is behaving like this

Shruti - She is soon to be your slut dear.

Everyone was surprised at the sudden change in attitude of Shruti towards Pandian. She was perfectly on track to seduce him. Usually, when someone from other countries visit our team we will take them to forest camping to get to mingle with them well. As usual, we had planned a 2 day forest camping trip with Jason. He reached Chennai on a Monday. He was busy till Thursday. Our plan was to go on the trip during Friday and Saturday. That was when Shruti decided to implement her plan

Chapter 26

We took a van to go to the forest at the outskirts of Chennai. Our full team including Vivek was traveling with us. Shruti sat next to Jason while travelling. She was wearing a white t-shirt and black track pant. We had a friendly chat with Jason while traveling.

Pandian - How was your experience during this India trip, Jason?

Jason - It is too hot. Otherwise, I love this place and the people are really good

Vivek - Did you get a chance to visit all places near Chennai

Jason - No. I have visited many nearby places during my last visit to Chennai. This time, I focussed on eating Indian food

Santosh - Wow. Did you get a chance to taste everything that is Indian

Jason - Not everything. Just food
(He giggled)

Santosh - Well. What else do you want to taste?

Jason - I love Indian women. But didn’t get anytime to go on date with some Indian girl. I also heard it is hard to take Indian girls out for dates

Aarthi - Yes. At least in south India, it is pretty much like that. People are so conservative

Jason - I have noticed that. People’s dresses also cover everything. Why are women wearing such dresses in this hot weather

Shruti - Women are willing to open up. But their families wont let us do that

Jason - That is too bad. It would be nice to see these hot women wear some fashionable glamorous clothing

Shruti - Don’t feel bad for that Jason. We will make sure that you have a lot of fun for the remaining two days you are here.

 We reached the place at around 3 in the afternoon. Our idea was to go on a hike through a forest and reach a river which runs between the forest. We were planning to camp near the river at night and return back the next morning. Bharath was our guide here because his uncle was working in the forest department in the area and he had done this hike so many times. It was allowed for only one group at a time. They gave us tents and the camping equipments

It was a 3-hour hike through the forest which was so dense. As the weather was hot, we were sweating a lot. Jacob removed his shirt because of it. He was just in his sleeveless vest and shorts. He had a typical black guy’s body. Very athletic and smooth. Shruti kept stealing glances at him. I went near her and teased “Planning to switch our child’s father from Pandian to Jason?”

Shruti - I am ok with it. But what will our parents say if our child is pitch black like him?

Me - That is right. He is not the right option. Anyway you are not in your fertility window now.

Shruti - Yes. But one thing is true. I definitely want to ride him. Look at him. I want to taste every inch of him

Me - You look so restless. Don’t rape him

Shruti - Ha ha. You know what I am capable of. Except Pandian, I have had everyone I liked to have sex with

Me - Sorry madam. You carry on with your goal

We reached the river bank at around 6 PM. We had learned how to set up tents before going there. We put up the tents. We were totally 8 people. We built 4 tents as each tent could accommodate 2 people. The place was very beautiful. Out in the forest and a river flowing next to us. We setup a campfire in the middle of the tents. We had fun dancing and singing. Then Shruti told that she was planning to take a walk along the river and asked if anyone was willing to join. Jason said yes and everyone else understood Shruti’s plan and politely refused. Shruti and Jason walked along the river at night. The environment was so romantic. They moved far from our campsite taking a torch light with them. I didn’t get to see what happened after that. But Shruti narrated it to me later. I am narrating it here now

They walked along the river without talking for a couple of minutes. Shruti started the conversation.

Shruti - Still thinking about how to bed Indian girls?

Jason - Ha ha. Why am I going to think about other Indian girls? I have a beautiful Indian girl walking right next to me

Shruti - You are a liar

Jason - No, I am not. You know I am not lying. I know that you know you are hot

Shruti - Ok. Let us change the topic

Jason - No. Let us continue with the topic

Shruti(punching on his shoulders) - You are such a naughty guy

Jason - You are the naught one here. Don’t touch me like that. I may lose control anytime

Shruti - What will happen if you lose control?

Jason - I may rape you right here

Shruti - Technically, it won’t be a rape if you have my consent

Jason - Oh.. Why would a woman like you give consent to a black guy like me

Shruti - That depends on what you could offer me if I accept

Jason - What can I possibly give you? Money?

Shruti - Shut up. I am not a hooker

Jason - What else do you need?

Shruti - Leave it. There is nothing like that

Jason - Come on. I don’t want to miss out on this. If it is something I can give you, it would be awesome

Shruti - It will be a weird request. But I pretty sure that you can give it

Jason - What is it? Don’t worry. Just tell me

Shruti - Can you accept Pandian’s application for a job in your team in Europe and take him there?

Jason - What? Are you stupid? You are willing to have sex with me just to get him a job in Europe? This is insane. He is not even your husband. Are you in an illegitimate relationship with him?

Shruti - Listen. I am not an idiot. There is a reason behind everything I do. If I am asking you to do a help for Pandian, it means I am getting something from him

Jason - Interesting. What would that be?

Shruti - That is none of your business. This is a chance for you to enjoy my brahmin body. 

Jason - What is this Brahmin shit? I don’t get it. 

Shruti - Brahmin are a caste in India. Hottest women in this country belong to that caste. Our count is less and there are so many men who would die to get a brahmin woman in bed. You are getting it so easily

Jason - Yes. Definitely you are one of the hottest women I have seen around. Not just in your country, but in my entire life

Shruti - So. You can proudly tell your black friends that you have fucked a hot brahmin woman in India. I promise you none of your friends would have ever had a chance on a brahmin woman. You could show my facebook pictures and make them feel jealous about you

Jason - That would be so much fun

Shruti lifted one leg and put it around his hip locking Jason with her body. With one hand she pressed Jason’s dick over his shorts

Shruti - So. Is your black dick ready for the Brahmin body?

Jason - Aaaahhh. Slowly Shruti

Shruti - Don’t do like that. People will think I am the one raping you. Just be a man

Jason - Oh. Don’t worry about that. I will show you what kind of a man I am

He switched off the torch and threw it aside. He kissed her lips hard, put his hands around her plump buttocks and lifted her. Now, Shruti had both her legs around his ass and was kissing him back passionately. He lifted her and moved towards a tree. He had her lifted in his hips with her back leaning on the tree and legs around his hips. Now Shruti could easily balance her weight on the tree and it was easy for Jason to lift her. He had his mouth on her boobs over her T-shirt and started biting her. Shruti hit Jason’s completely bald head, smiled in a slutty way and told “Idiot. Remove the dress and bite”

“No. We should be careful. If someone comes searching for us, we should be ready to wear the dress again”

Shruti thought to herself if she should tell him that everyone knows it already. Jason was in a hurry. He was sweating a lot. He dropped Shruti on the ground and turned her towards the tree. Shruti placed two hands on the tree in a bent position with her ass stretching back. Jason immediately pulled down her track pant and panties at the same time. He kneeled behind her and licked her thighs and legs. He told “Your legs and thighs are shining bright even in this darkness. Wow..&nbsp; I haven’t seen such a sexy body even in Europe. So Brahmin women are definitely so hot”

Shruti - Mmmmm.. Didn’t I tell you? Mmmm. You have got a really good deal.. Aaaahh.. You are so good… Fuck me

Jason pulled down his shorts and took out his dick. It was 8 inch long. Longer than her ex-boyfriend Ram’s dick but definitely shorter than Pandian’s. Shruti saw that like a child seeing a chocolate. Jason asked “Do you like that?”

Shruti - Does my reaction suggest I don’t love that? I am mesmerized. Put it in please. I don’t want to wait anymore

Jason fucked her pussy from behind. Shruti screamed “Aaaaaahhh” and it echoed to our place. Bharath told “So, Pandian’s Europe tickets are getting ready” and everyone laughed. Her moans and screams were heard for around 15 minutes. Jason was trying hard to push his dick into her pussy. The longest dick she had taken was her ex-boyfriend Ram’s which was around 7 inch. After that most of the dicks she had were just 6 inches in length. She was finding Jason’s dick hard to accommodate. But she was getting so much of pleasure from it. Jason was sweating liters of water. He was hugging Shruti tightly and entering her. He had pushed 7 inches one inch remaining. He kept fucking her for 10 minutes with just 7 inches inside. Shruti demanded “Aaaahhh. Put it fully”

Jason - What?

Shruti - You deaf asshole. Put it completely inside

Jason - It is difficult. It will be painful for you

Shruti - Shut up you dumb fuck. What is the use of all your arms and muscles if you can’t even put your dick completely into a woman who is willing to take it?

Jason - I can do it. I have the strength for it. I am just worried about you

Shruti - Now stop bullshitting. You are a weak fuck. I challenge you to put it completely in.. Aaahhh

Jason - Stop it bitch

Shruti - Do it you black bastard. You useless piece of shit. Aaaaaaaaaahhhh.. Noooooo//

Jason had enough. Just when Shruti was scolding him, he pushed his dick completely in her pussy with all the strength he gathered and kept pushing till his crotch hit her ass-cheeks. He was hugging her body tightly. Shruti didn’t expect it and so she was not ready. It was painful for her. Her knees were shaking and she was about to fall down. But Jason pulled her up and continued fucking her.. Shruti was feeling both pain and pleasure. That was when they saw a torch light from far. We all had gone there in search of them. We thought of hiding and watching from somewhere. We thought they were a bit far away. But they were much closer than we expected. Jason saw us and stopped fucking her. He was about to pull up his shorts when Shruti looked back, took his dick in her hand and tried pushing it into her pussy.

Jason - Are you mad? They are near us

Shruti - Let them come. I don’t mind. Now, don’t leave me without giving me an orgasm

Jason - I think your husband is also coming there. We can’t take that risk. We have to stop it

Shruti - Stop blabbering and put it back in you stupid fucker

Jason - Shit.. The entire team is coming

Shruti - Ok. You just reached the limit. The whole team including my husband knows about me. I have had sex with everyone in my team except Pandian. That is because Pandian doesn’t want to fuck me. Now, you are going to fuck me or will you keep talking?

Jason - Give me a minute to digest what you just said

Shruti - You can digest all that later. Now keep fucking

Jason kept fucking her when we reached there. We showed the torch light towards them. It was quite a sight to watch. The black ass wet with sweat banging against the sweet white plump brahmin ass and thighs of my wife. Just when we reached there, Shruti had an orgasm and she fell down shaking. Jason was nervous. He pulled his shorts up and told “Sorry guys. I couldn’t control”

Santosh - You don’t have to ask sorry. We knew what would have happened

Jason - Ya. She told something like that. I couldn’t believe that. Looks like lot of things have been happening in the team

Bharath - Yes. Now both of you dress up and come to our campsite. It is much safer there

Jason - I am ready. Ask Shruti to wear her pant first

Bharath - Wear it Shruti. Some animals in the forest may get horny seeing you and come to fuck you then

Pandian - Ha ha. The animals will get tired if they do Shruti. 

Shruti - Shut up Pandian. I am doing this for you only

Pandian(Sarcastically) - Ok madam. Sorry madam

Shruti stood up and pulled up her pant. We all went back to the camp site. Jason went inside the tent and Shruti followed him. They had the torch light on inside the tent. Now, their shadows were falling on the tent. I saw Shruti sitting upright, removing her t shirt and bra and threw them out of the tent. Jason removed his vest and threw it outside. I was able to see Jason leaning on Shruti’s chest like a baby and sucking the hell out of her boobs. Shruti had one hand over his head and pulled him passionately. He then moved down and licked her navel. After that, he removed his shorts. Shruti was finding it difficult to remove her pants as the tent was small and she was not able to stand up within the tent. Jason went down and helped her removing the pants. That was when I remembered, she had left her panties in the forest. I imagined what the future visitors to the forest who find the panties would think. Jason stretched her legs apart and mounted her in missionary position. Shruti as always, wrapped her legs around his ass. This was her signal of saying that she badly wanted the dick.

We could hear Shruti’s moans, Jason’s grunts and their occasional conversations

Shruti - Fuck me hard you black idiot

Jason - Shut up you Brahmin bitch. You are a cock hungry nymphomaniac. You should be fucked by 5 black guys like me

Shruti - Aaaaahhh.. I am a good girl

Jason - Good? Do you know the meaning of the word? 

Shruti - Aaaaaahhh… Mmmmmm.. I love this.. 

Jason - That is the power of a black dick. Even in foreign countries, white women crave for black dick

Shruti - I maybe the first Brahmin bitch to taste a black dick and you maybe the first black guy to taste a brahmin body

They fucked for so long in that position. They couldn’t change positions as it was too cramped inside the tent

Pandian - For fuck sake, finish it soon

Jason - I can last for 2 hours Pandian. But with this bitch, I can last for only half an hour I guess.. Aaaaahhhh. I am cumming.. I am cumming.. Shall I take it out?

Shruti - Put that in, you motherfucker. I want the black guy’s sperm deep in my brahmin sack.

Bharath asked me “Dude.. Stop that. She might get pregnant. We can’t get any pill till we go back tomorrow”

Me - Don’t worry about that. This is not her fertile period

Jason collapsed over her body within her tent. We went to the opening in the tent and saw both of their bodies filled with sweat and they hugged so tightly that they looked like a single person. Shruti’s thighs, legs, armpits were all leaking sweat. Bharath told “These guys are idiots. Why do it in such a cramped space when you have so much space outside?”

He pushed away Jason who rolled over tired. He held both the ankles of Shruti and pulled her outside. Shruti started laughing “Idiot. What are you doing?” 

Bharath - Making life easier for all of us

He kept pulling her outside. Shruti lifted her body a bit by balancing with her hands to get out of the tent. Jason just lay there tired and smiling. Bharath dragged Shruti who kept shouting “Stop it idiot. I will come myself” But it looked hotter when she was being dragged nude by Bharath. He dragged her near the campfire. Her body twinkled like a diamond when she was near the campfire.

Pandian threw a bedsheet at her. Shruti covered herself with it and sat near the campfire. Guys started drinking. That was when we noticed that Aarthi also started drinking. This was the first time she was drinking. She looked hot that day. She was also wearing a t shirt and jean. She and Santosh were whispering in each others ears for a long time. After drinking enough, Bharath came near Shruti and just kept looking at her face. He was so drunk. Shruti immediately threw away the bedsheet she was covering herself with and stretched her hands apart to welcome him. Bharath pounced on Shruti. They rolled over each other kissing madly. Bharath was biting her. Shruti shrieked out in pain and slapped him. He laughed and kissed her. They were looking like mad animals. Santosh and Pandian were standing near them with bottles cheering both of them. Shruti looked uncontrollable that night. Vivek looked so left out. He was at a corner shagging. Santosh called him “Hey Vivek. Come and join the club. You are not our enemy”

Vivek smiled and ran near us. Bharath removed his dresses and was about to fuck her when he saw so much of Jason’s cum dripping from Shruti’s pussy. He asked Shruti to clean it. Aarthi who was watching it all stopped Shruti. She came near me, pulled me by hair, dragged me to Shruti. That caught me off guard. I had never seen Aarthi getting involved much into this after a few initial days. That too to drag me like that was just too surprising. She always talked to me with respect. She was a totally different person when drunk.&nbsp; Bharath understood and stretched Shruti’s legs apart. Aarthi pushed my head into Shruti’s crotch. She asked me to lick it clean. I tried to resist first but then got into the game myself. I felt horny to lick a black guy’s cum from my brahmin wife’s pussy. Everyone except me and Shruti were totally drunk there. I couldn’t figure out how many more crazy things were going to happen that night. 

Once I licked it clean, I was dragged away from her by Aarthi. Santosh, Bharath and Vivek pounced on her like tigers attacking a deer. I could only see Shruti’s legs in air shaking. Bharath was in between her legs. Vivek was lying over her body totally covering it. He was playing with her boobs sitting on her belly. Santosh kneeled near her and was giving his dick onto her mouth. All this in a open forest near a river with a campfire. The situation was too hot for me to handle that I leaked cum in my underwear. I went to the river to wash my underwear. From the river, I turned to find Shruti running nude around the campfire while Santosh, Bharath and Vivek were also running nude trying to catch her. Shruti was shouting “Dilip. Save me from these drunken bastards. They are insane”

Pandian was laughing and went to his tent to sleep. Aarthi was sitting near the campfire watching it all. I went and sat near Aarthi. I became horny again seeing things happening around. Shruti was being double penetrated in pussy and ass by Vivek and Santosh while Bharath was fucking her mouth. Vivek was in the ground, Shruti was lying over him, hugging him with his dick in her pussy. Santosh was fucking her from behind and Bharath was kneeling down giving his dick in her mouth. All these things were too hot for me to handle that I kept my hand on Aarthi. She looked at me and smiled. I thought it was the booze doing the work. She called out Santosh and I immediately took my hands away “Santosh. Dilip is putting his hands on me. What shall I do?”

Santosh - Your wish dear. If you like him, you can do it. I give complete freedom for you tonight. Do whatever you want

Aarthi - Oh.. Thanks hubby. All these days I have been watching you banging Shruti whenever you wanted. I had built so many fantasies of fucking other guys. But you never let me do it. Thank you for letting me do it today

Santosh - I was always feeling guilty dear. I think it is the right time for you to enjoy something like this. But today is the only day. Ok? You should not do this again once we return back

Aarthi - Of course darling. One night is enough for me

Shruti - Aaaaahhhh.. Dilip. You unfaithful fellow. How dare you are hitting on other women right in front of your wife? Aaaahhhh. Do it slowly Santosh. You are fucking my ass. My ass is not capable of handling such rough fucking.

Everyone started laughing. I pulled Aarthi towards me and kissed her. She told “I am not a slut like your wife to do it out in the open. Let us go inside the tent”

Chapter 27

We went into the tent. We felt a bit uncomfortable inside. The last time we did it, I was in a rage to fuck her. It was different this time. We both felt shy. We removed our dresses ourselves and sat inside the tent nude. We didn’t have any light inside. But I could see her white body in the darkness. Though she was not as fair as Shruti, she was fair in her own way. We slowly came nearby and kissed each other on our lips. Her mouth smelled of alcohol. I pushed her down and started sucking the cute nipples of Aarthi. Aarthi was much more sensitive than Shruti. She was shaking and shivering just for a lick on her nipples. Aarthi pushed my head down and made me lick her pussy. I then sat upright for a moment to absorb her beauty. The slim and sleek size-zero beauty. That was when she also sat up and told me “I have seen you have sex with Shruti. You are a submissive type right?”

Me - Yes. How do you know these things? I thought you are not much into these dark themes

Aarthi - When a girl has a husband who fucks another guys wife weekly once in front of him, she starts getting these weird ideas

Me - You also want to make me your slave?

Aarthi - No. But I have so many questions for you? Can I ask you now?

Me - What?

Aarthi - How can you still be with a woman like Shruti?

Me - Why not? What is the problem

Aarthi - What is the problem? You have got a shitload of problems. First of all she is a slut

Me - I am not sure if slut is the right word. She is addicted to sex

Aarthi - Both are same for me. She fucks different men like she wears different dresses. Aren’t you worried about that?

Me - I thought you know that

Aarthi - Know what? That you are a cuckold? Shut up. Even if you are a cuckold, there is life outside of sex too. How can you be with a woman who is cheating on you like that

Me - Cheating? Who is cheating? If she had done all this without my knowledge, it is cheating. I know everything she does. In fact, she told about her sexual weakness the moment I proposed her

Aarthi - Whatever it is. What makes you bind together as a couple, now? Aren’t you afraid that she will go with one of the men soon?

Me - Love. We both love each other

Aarthi - That is the biggest joke I have heard. I accept that you love her more than any man could love his wife. But that is not the case with her. She is just using you

Me - You don’t have to certify her. I know her much more than you do. I know that I love her. I know that she loves me. I am not going to let other people’s opinion affect my love towards her.

Aarthi - You are a fool to believe that she loves you. I don’t know how disappointed you will be, when she leaves you and makes you pay the price for the stupid affection towards her.

Me - You took me to the tent just to tell me that?

Aarthi - No. But I think I have an idea to test her love towards you.

Me - What is that?

Aarthi - You fuck me first. I will then tell you

Me - Thank you so much. I thought this conversation was going to last long.

I pushed her legs apart and fucked her. Her pussy was so tight. It was a new feeling for me as she was fucked only by Santosh before whose dick was even smaller than mine. I had to push a little bit harder to penetrate her. But it was worth it. Outside, Shruti was still screaming like a goat being slaughtered. I was able to hear her moan, scream and giggle alternately. After a point of time, I could not control myself. She tried to push me away. But I kept hold of her tightly and ejaculated inside her.

She was surprised. Her eyes were wide open. She slapped me hard on my cheeks. It was too hard and I was a bit tired after the ejaculation. So, I fell down to her side. She immediately wore her dress and went running outside, I followed her. Outside, Shruti was on the ground face down with her body totally flat. Santosh was lying flat over her body with his dick in Shruti’s asshole. He held Shruti’s head by her hair to make her look up and fucked her from behind. Bharath and Vivek were exhausted already. Vivek went to a tent to sleep while Bharath was sitting near the campfire adding wood to it and watching Shruti. Only Shruti and I were completely nude there. Santosh just had his trousers down till his knees while he was fucking her. The time was around 1 AM

Aarthi - Santosh. Stop it.. It is an emergency

(But Santosh was in no mood to listen. He kept fucking Shruti)

Santosh - Nothing can be more important. I need to fuck Shruti as much as possible before she gets pregnant

Aarthi - I will get pregnant with Dilip’s kid. Is that ok for you?

Santosh was shocked. He stopped fucking Shruti but was still lying over her

Santosh - What are you saying?

Aarthi - Dilip fucked me and ejaculated inside me. I was trying to push the bastard away, but he sprayed everything in me. I don’t have pills with me. The problem is I am in my fertile window

Santosh - Shit man.. You Dilip bastard. Have I ever done this with your bitch wife Shruti? I have been fucking her for months. But still you I haven’t even tried once to make her pregnant. What a mean person you are?

Meanwhile, Shruti was still moaning under Santosh’s body

Shruti - Mmmmmmm. What is happening? Whatever it is.. Finish fucking me and then talk

Santosh - Shut up bitch. Your husband fucked my wife and ejaculated inside her. Aarthi is in her fertile window now

Shruti - So what? Continue fucking me Santosh. I love your small dick in my ass. You are the only guy who I can take in my ass completely. Now be a darling and fuck me

She had her eyes closed and her body was turning around like a snake while she was speaking this

Santosh - Are you drunk bitch? Aren’t you understanding the seriousness of the issue?

Shruti - I am not drunk. But I am high. Getting fucked out in the open in this romantic place next to a campfire makes me high. And nothing is serious. Just keep banging me

Santosh - Not serious for you. It is serious for me. We need to get down and do something to avoid pregnancy

Shruti - Aaaaahhh.. Stop worrying you idiot. There is nothing to worry about… Mmmmmmm.. Just fuck me

(I know where the conversation was getting to)

Me - Stop it Shruti

Santosh - What are you talking about?

Shruti - Mmmmmmm… Aarthi wont get pregnant

Santosh - Why?

I ran towards Shruti to stop this. But Aarthi put her leg in between. I slipped and fell down. It would have been funny to see a nude guy running and falling down. Bharath was laughing at me

Santosh inserted his dick in Shruti’s ass for 1 inch and stopped

Santosh - Tell me Shruti. What is it? We want to know. If you tell me you will get my dick fully

Shruti - Mmmmm.. Please don’t tease me.. Do it.. put it in

Santosh - Not so soon dear. Tell me what it is. Or you wont get fucked for the rest of the trip. We will also ask Pandian not to fuck you

Shruti - Aaaaahhh.. Don’t do that.&nbsp; I will tell you

Santosh - Tell it bitch. We are all waiting to hear.

(He sat up, rolled Shruti to make her lie on her back and put his finger in her cunt and started playing. Shruti had her two hands on her head and was rolling her head to both sides moaning)

Santosh - Tell soon bitch

Shruti - Aaaaaaahhh….. I will tell… Mmmmmm.. My husband Dilip here has low sperm count.. He couldn’t mmmmmmm… He couldn’t aaaaaaaahhh. He couldn’t make anyone pregnant

Aarthi, Santosh and Bharath were all stunned for sometime and then they erupted into a loud laughter Santosh continued fingering her

Santosh - Then what is the big deal about getting pregnant. You people were talking about this for long time

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. We came to know about it only last week. Please fuck me

Santosh - Ha ha.. Want me to give you a baby because your worthless hubby cannot do it?

Bharath - I am also interested Shruti

Santosh - Yes. During your next fertile window, both of us will fuck you throughout. Let us see whose baby you are getting

Shruti - Mmmmmmm… Nooooooo… I already decided who my child’s father will be… Aaaaahhhh.. Fuck me

Santosh - Who is that lucky guy?

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. I am feeling shy to tell his name

Santosh - Tell it bitch

He started to finger fuck her rapidly like a machine and Shruti’s whole body was shaking. 

Shruti - Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh. It is….. Aaaaaahhhh.. It is Paaaaaandiannnnnn…….

Santosh stopped fingering her

Santosh - So, this is all a big plot to get Pandian give you a kid

Aarthi - If you give birth to a son, he is going to be a bear like hunk. Nobody will believe it is Dilip’s son

Shruti - Mmmmmm. I don’t care about that. I want him to impregnate me. Now please fuck me

Santosh - Ok dear. I have already played with you enough

Santosh got back to the old position and started fucking her ass. Aarthi smiled at me and came near me

Aarthi - Sorry.. I slapped you

Me - It is ok

Aarthi - You are a cute slave. Aren’t you?

Me - What are you talking about?

Aarthi - This was what I wanted to ask in there. Can I use you like a slave just for tonight? Just like Santosh is using Shruti as his slave

Me - What? Are you out of your mind. You are so drunk

Aarthi - Drunk? I have already discussed about his with Santosh. He was ok with it. I was just shy to ask you. Now seeing you naked out in the wild makes me want to dominate and humiliate you even more

Me - Where did you learn all these words?

Aarthi - Just say yes or no

Me - No

Aarthi - What is the use of asking you? You are anyway Shruti’s slave. I will ask her. Shruti, listen here

Shruti - Aaaaaaaaahhh. Don’t disturb Aarthi… Mmmmm. I am enjoying this… Ooooooh. Santosh.. You are awesome. Even though your dick is small, you compensate for it with your speed and stamina

Hearing this, Santosh fucked her even faster

Aarthi - Just one question Shruti. I want to take Dilip as my slave just for tonight. Will you allow me?

Shruti - Aaaahhh.. Why are you asking me Aarthi? Ask him. He will accept it

Aarthi - No. He is not accepting

Shruti - Mmmmmmm.. Don’t believe him. He would love to do it. He thinks with his dick only. Just look at his dick. If it is fully erect, he really wants to do it.. 

Aarthi - Wow.. You are right. His dick is so erect

Shruti - Then he is yours. Aaaaaahhh.. Bharath.. When will you be ready for next round?

Bharath - Me? I am done. I already came inside you twice. That is not enough for you?

Shruti - Aaaaahhhh.. He is going to cumm.. I can sense it. I want someone to replace him soon.. Please Bharath

Bharath - Look at this bitch. Such a hungry slut. She can sense a guy is about to cum even before it happens

Shruti - Aaaaaahhhh.. He is cumming

Just as she told Santosh ejaculated in her asshole and stood up. Shruti lay there panting on the ground. Her body was covered at places with the soil. She didn’t mind them. She was such a sight with just her mangalsutra on her and rolling on the ground like a pig. Just as she wished, Jason came out of his tent nude. I looked around and found that Santosh had gone into his tent and woken him up. He looked a bit drowsy. He saw what was happening and took a minute to digest this situation. Shruti saw him and screamed “Aaaaaahhhh.. Jason.. Come to me darling.. I have been waiting for you for a long time. Come and fuck me.. Enjoy me throughout the trip and give Pandian what he asked for”

Jason went near her and looked at her up and down. Shruti sat upright and reached for his dick with her hands. Jason held her arms and pushed her to the ground. He stretched her legs apart and checked her pussy. Then he rolled her over and checked her asshole. He stood up and told “You are so dirty to be fucked. I will get back to sleep”

Aarthi - Don’t worry Jason. We can clean her up. 

She looked at me

Aarthi - Dilip. This is your first assignment. Go and clean up your wife’s pussy and asshole.

I stood up. She came near me and held my balls in her hands and crushed them

Me - Aaaahhh.. Leave me

Aarthi - Who allowed you to stand up?

Me - Aaaaahhh. You only asked me to go to her 

Aarthi - Yes. But I didn’t allow you to get up. Crawl there on all fours like a dog and lick her pussy and ass clean like a dog eating its food

I did as she said. It was the most humiliating thing I ever did. Being nude in a open forest, walking on all fours like a dog to my brahmin wife who was nude and getting ready to be fucked by a black guy. To clean her pussy and ass which was filled with cum of two other guys in front of 3 people in such an atmosphere was even more insulting. But I still had an erection. I was loving it. I moved to my sweet wife who was on a high. She saw me and turned to doggy position and lifted her ass to give a clear view of her ass and pussy. Both the holes had drops of cum leaking from them. I used my hands to pull her ass cheeks apart and looked at the sweet asshole of my wife. It looked so sexy. It had definitely increased in size during the past months. I put my tongue inside slowly. Shruti became so horny and literally buried her head inside the ground. She was squirming. I licked all the cum. The mixed cum of Santosh, Bharath and that disgusting Vivek. Cum was oozing out as I kept licking. It looked like she had stored a tank full of sperm inside. The same was the case with her pussy too.

After I licked her clean I looked at Aarthi expecting her to say what to do next. Before she could tell anything, Jason pushed me aside and lifted Shruti on his shoulders. He moved towards the river. It was dark there and I couldn’t see anything. I heard a water splashing sound. I guessed what would have happened. He had thrown Shruti into the water. He came back lifting her again on his shoulders. She looked like a diamond shining over a black rock. She was shivering due to the cold. He made her stand near the campfire to dry off. He told her not to sit down till her body was dry. It took around 10 minutes for Shruti to dry her body well. Then Bharath went to a tent and came with a bedsheet which they spread on the ground. Meanwhile, Aarthi took another bottle of whiskey and started drinking. After drinking it a little bit, she went out to the woods. I thought she was going to piss. Then, she came and sat next to me. She asked me to show my hands. I did as she asked. She had a rope in her hands and she tied them securely around my hands together to make sure that I can’t move them. Jason was getting ready to mount Shruti. Bharath was tired of watching everything and he went to sleep in Pandian’s tent. Shruti started getting noisy once Jason started fucking her.

Aarthi&nbsp; made me lie down on the ground just stared at me for 10 minutes with her red eyes. She&nbsp; was pitch drunk. Out of the blue, she suddenly slapped my on my face. It was a pretty hard slap that I fell to the side. Jason and Shruti stopped for a moment and looked at us.They understood what happened. Shruti asked “Are you ok, honey?” Before I could respond Jason held her face and kissed her deeply. After 2 minutes of kissing, he told “When I am fucking you, you should concentrate only on me. If you concentrate on others, I will not do what I promised to do for Pandian”

Then Jason looked at me and told “Do what Aarthi tells you. If not the same thing will happen. Pandian will not get his job approval”

Shruti didn’t react. She just gazed at me and turned back to kiss Jason. Aarthi laughed at me. She sat on my chest with her legs on both sides. She came near my mouth and ordered me to open the mouth. Once I opened the mouth, she spit inside my mouth. She watched me swallow her saliva. She put her face near my ears and told “See the bitch. You thought she still loves you. She is a slut using you. Now this is the test for her love. I am going to put you through pain. Let us see how your wife reacts. Let us see if she gives up on Jason’s dick and Pandian’s dick to save you” Then she made me turn around. I lay flat on the ground with my face down. She went near one of the trees and broke a branch out of it.. I shivered seeing that. She was definitely out of her mind as she was drunk. I turned my face to see Shruti being fucked out of her senses by Jason. I didn’t know what hit him. He was pumping her very fast. I turned to the other side to see Aarthi bending near me with the branch. She kept one hand on my ass and caressed it. 

Aarthi - Wow. Your ass is so soft. Will it be able to handle the whip?

Me - Stop it Aarthi. This is too much. You are crossing the limits. Untie me now

(Aarthi came near my ears and whispered)
Aarthi - Who? Me? I will stop only if Shruti stops me. Isn’t this the perfect test for your love

Me - I love her and I will do anything for her. I don’t want to test her with this.

Aarthi - Oh really? Now watch this. Hey Shruti.. Your husband says he loves you and he will do anything for you. I am going to whip him very hard with the branch 10 times. If he could survive all 10 without asking me to stop, Jason will do what you asked from him. If not, he won’t. Let us see how much your lover is willing to sacrifice for you

Now, Aarthi made the situation complicated. Shruti didn’t reply for that. She was concentrating on Jason. She remembered Jason’s order. I really started getting doubts on whether Shruti loved me. I started feeling that Shruti was really using me.

Aarthi lifted the branch to begin the ordeal. The branch landed on my ass with a whipping sound. The pain rushed through my nerves. I screamed hard. Jason told “Stop screaming bastard. You might attract some animals here. I don’t have any problem with them. But they may end up fucking your wife too.”

Aarthi - Jason. Let him scream. I love that sound

She landed 5 more whips. My ass was swollen red and every inch of it was burning. That was when Shruti pushed Jason away. She crawled to me, lay near me and kissed my mouth. Aarthi whipped me again at that moment. She held my palms tightly with her palm and continued kissing. That was when a drop of tear rolled down my eyes. There were 3 more whips remaining. But I was already exhausted. Shruti tried to stop Aarthi 

Shruti - Aarthi. Stop this. What happened to you?

Aarthi - What is your problem? Your husband is a submissive guy. I love to dominate. We are just enjoying each other’s company. Isn’t it Dilip? 

Shruti - He is not enjoying this. You have crossed your limits long back. I can’t let you do this to him

Aarthi - Ok. I will stop this. But it looks like Jason is pissed off with you and your massive plan has gone for a toss.

Shruti - That is ok. I love Dilip more than anything else. He is the best thing that has happened in my life. I will find someone else for making me pregnant. 

That was the most unforgettable moment in our relationship. I thought Shruti had fallen deep into her sexual desires that she had lost love for me. To tell the truth, I thought she had actually started loving Pandian. But the way she reacted showed that she still loved me. She loved me more than anything else. It was now my turn to show my love for her.

Me - No Shruti. I have already gotten 7 whips. All would be in vain then. You wanted to get impregnated by Pandian. You should have him. I can take 3 more

Aarthi - Wow.. I never expected such deep love to exist between you two. I am impressed. I will leave you two then

Shruti - Thanks Aarthi

Aarthi - Don’t worry. We were just kidding with the blackmail. Jason would definitely give Pandian the job. You have done enough already. I watched some femdom videos and wanted to try it on Dilip. I thought of using the chance to actually test your love for each other. I am definitely impressed. I just couldn’t understand how Dilip could watch you get fucked by men like this when he loves you so much. Your love is the strongest and the most complicated at the same time.

Me - I love her for who she is. If she gets pleasure out of having sex with these men, I am no one to stop her from doing it. She told me about this side of her even before our marriage. I will do anything to make her happy

Aarthi - I understand that. But how were you so confident that she loves you, if she is being a sex addict and sleeps with other men quite regularly?

Me - For me, love and sex are two different things. Even though she sleeps with men, she loves me. If I am not feeling well, she will look after me. She won’t do the same for Santosh or Bharath or even Pandian. To keep it short, she loves me but lusts other men. I don’t think there is anything wrong in that

Aarthi - Though all you say sounds twisted to me, they make sense in some weird way. I hope you people lead a happy and long life together. And Shruti don’t leave Jason with blue balls. Finish what you started.

Telling that, she untied me and went to the tent to sleep. Jason was waiting for Shruti. She went and had a quick round with Jason. Jason was fucked her intensely and came in 5 minutes. He went to the tent where Bharath was sleeping. Shruti helped me get up and we went to the tent and fell asleep. We didn’t even wear dresses. 

Early morning, I heard someone enter our tent and pull Shruti outside. I knew what was going to happen. I was so tired to get up and see it. I woke up late at around 8 PM. Pandian and Aarthi were making breakfast for everyone with the portable stove we carried. I was searching for Shruti. She was taking bath in the river with Vivek, Bharath, Santosh and Jason. Jason was teaching swimming to Shruti. Of course, they were all nude and were naughty with her. After breakfast, we decided to hike back to our van. Jason asked for one last fuck of Shruti in the forest. He took her deep into the woods and fucked her there while we were packing the tents. They came back after 15 minutes. They came holding their hands and laughing. Once they came near us, Shruti came to me, hugged me and kissed me. We all dressed up. Bharath asked Shruti not to wear any dress and hike back nude. He told once we come close to the gate, she could wear her dresses. She looked at me asking my permission. I nodded to her. It was sexy to watch her walk for 4 hours completely nude with just her footwear. Bharath stayed behind her, taking photos of her in different angles while she was hiking down the terrain. It took longer than the time we took to reach the campsite as guys took their turns fucking Shruti on the way down. Eventually we reached the destination. Shruti wore the t shirt and track pant alone. She has lost her inners in the forest. We boarded the van and started home

Pandian sat next to Shruti and told her “I heard that you are planning to have a baby from me”

Shruti - Yes. I have gotten you what you wanted. Jason will go to Europe and process your relocation process. Won’t you do this for me?

Pandian - I promised I will have sex with you till I leave. I didn’t promise for any baby. I want my baby’s mother to be a good person. Not a bitch like you

Tears rolled down from Shruti’s eyes

Chapter 28

Once Pandian told her that he was not willing to give her a baby, he moved to a different seat. Jason moved back there. It was the last seat. So the driver was not in a position to see anything behind. Jason lifted her t-shirt and played with her boobs for a while. But Shruti remained unresponsive. She was hurt by what Pandian said. I did not know what hurt her more. The fact that he was not willing to give her a baby or the fact that he told her he didn’t want a bitch like her to be his kid’s mother. Jason went for one final round before we reached Chennai. He pulled down her tracks and fucked her from behind. Others were chatting in high volume to make sure that the noise was not heard by the driver. Shruti looked depressed while she was being fucked and I saw tears roll down from her eyes. The van dropped us at our office. We took a taxi home.

As soon as we reached home, Shruti crashed into our bed and started sobbing. I sat near her, lifted her face and made her sleep on my lap. She was not sleeping. She was sobbing

Me - What happened?

Shruti - Nothing

Me - Come on. Something which Pandian told really hurt you. What was that?

Shruti - Am I a slut? All the things I have been doing. Is that all slutty. Does that mean I am a bad human being? Am I a bad wife?

Me - No dear. Listen. Everyone has his or her own sexual fantasies. Some people are open about it and enjoy their life by making their fantasies real. Others don’t. They live under a fake veil and act like they are good people.

Shruti - How are you saying that? When I look back at last night, I had pretty much behaved like a mad person addicted towards sex. I was jumping from one dick to another dick like a monkey jumping from tree to tree. I got fucked by a black guy. I got fucked by a guy younger than me. i got fucked by a old guy. And now, I want to get pregnant by an ugly beast who treats me like shit. 

Me - Did you see the way Aarthi behaved last night?

Shruti - Yes

Me - That was her fantasy which was hidden deep inside her. She had a thing for dominating men. She was acting outside like was pure. But once she was drunk she lost all the inhibitions and came out of the closet. Just like that, your fantasy is to have sex with and get impregnated by a guy like Pandian. There is nothing wrong with that

Shruti - That is my point. She was able to control all this at least when sober. I couldn’t control at all. What can I do?

Me - Just because, she was able to control, it doesn’t make her a better person. When we get older and look back at our life, we would have absolutely no regrets at all. Because, we have done everything we wanted to do. 

Shruti - Please Dilip. Don’t justify what I did. If what I did was right, then why did you want to stop all the things. Why all the pregnancy plan?

Me - What you did was not wrong. You are a sexually active person. So you did that. But it should be done within limits and control. Within months, look at the number of guys you had sex with. I am not having problem with you having sex with many guys. But the problem for me is that if this circle gets bigger and bigger, it might become a threat to you. Remember what happened with Bharath and friends? Many things could have gone wrong there. If those guys were not good, they could have easily blackmailed us about many things. It was just our luck that nothing like that happened.

Shruti - I seem to get your point. But aren’t you angry with me at all?

Me - I am not angry with you. I married you because you were the right person for me. I still love you. I just want you to be safe. 

Shruti - If I had married someone else, my whole life would have been different. I am so much indebted

Me - There is no debt between people who love each other truly. 

Shruti - How do you even believe that I love you still? After seeing me begging other men to fuck me and being used by all the guys around me with my consent?

Me - You just proved your love for me yesterday. I know how much you loved the idea of getting impregnated by Pandian. I know how hard it is for you to sacrifice your sexual desires. But even when you were at the height of your sexual ecstasy, you were willing to sacrifice your desire to get banged by Pandian just to save me from Aarthi. That one incident is enough for my life time. I know you love me. I know you love me deeply. 

Shruti - Still, doesn’t it hurt you to see me going behind other men like that? Watching me begging to get fucked?

Me - You know that I enjoy watching you getting banged. The truth is I enjoyed last night very much as you. You know that I am a cuckold. That character of me played a major role in our married. That is what made us perfect for each other. But we should not let our desires spoil our lives by doing stupid things. I feel that once you get pregnant, we should slowly move out of this place to a different place and join a different company. We should start a fresh life there. Maybe there, we should be careful and plan properly before we get into such things

Shruti - You know? When we were about to marry, I thought you were a child and your decision to marry me was so stupid. I thought you let your dick take decisions for you. But you are the most matured of us. You are the most mature of all the men I have met. 

(She sat up and hugged me tightly. She then moved back and looked at me eye to eye. Smile had returned to her face. She looked so beautiful that day)

Shruti - Why did a guy like you accept to marry a girl like me? You are so good. You make me feel like I don’t deserve you. 

Me - You deserve me more than any other women. No other woman is willing to openly accept what they are and what they want. But you did. That honesty is what made me like you. That honesty is what makes us be a happy couple for this long without a single fight. You are the best woman I have ever met

Shruti(giggling) - You are the best slave I have ever had. I mean husband.. 

She winked at me and got up from the bed. I pulled her back to bed and whispered into her ears “I am being your slave because I love you and that is what you want from me. I can also be a hardcore bull. Remember that”

Shruti - Ha ha. I didn’t know that a bull was sleeping inside my sissy hubby. How do I wake that up?

Me - You just have to ask

Shruti - Ok. I am not just asking you. I challenge you to be a bull now and fuck me. I will evaluate you

I dragged her onto the bed. Pulled her t shirt up. She did not have a bra. I pushed her on the bed to make her lie down and started biting her nipples very hard

Shruti - Aaaaaahhh.. Stop this.. It is painful.. I asked you to fuck me hard. Not to bite me hard…

Me - Shut up bitch. This is what happens when you wake up the bull inside me

She pushed me away and tried to run away from the bed. She was laughing all the while. I got hold of the bottom of her track pants and pulled it. It came down to half of her ass. She stopped, turned back and tried to pull the pant back. But I was in no mood to leave her. I pulled it hard and removed it completely. Shruti gave away the pant to me and tried to run away. But I held her ankles and pulled her back close to me. I pushed her on the bed. I was lying totally flat over her. My face was very close to her face. I told her “No licking this time bitch.”

I put my dick in her pussy and fucked her hard and fast. She liked it for some reason and matched my lust. She kept shouting “Aaaahhh. Dilip. You are so good. You are a really hard fucker.”

Me - Mmmmm.. Tell me.. Am I better than Santosh

Shruti - Aaaah.. Yes honey. You are much better than him

Me - Better than Bharath?

Shruti - Aaaah.. You are multiple times better than him

Me - Mmmmm.. Better than his friends

Shruti - Yes. Those guys are kids in front of you

Me - Better than Jason

Shruti - Aaaaahh.. Jason has a bigger dick than you

(I turned her around and spanked her ass hard. I lifted her by holding her hips to doggy style and started fucking her ass. I kept spanking her hard while fucking her)

Shruti - Aaaah.. Don’t spank. It is paining

Me - Tell me bitch. Am I better than Jason

Shruti - Ok.. I accept. You are a better fucker than Jason..

Me - Aaaaaahhhh.. (That was when I leaked my cum inside her asshole)

I collapsed on her. My face was immersed in her sexy beautiful hair. She was panting hard. She asked me

Shruti - What happened to the smart obedient husband I had? Did you kidnap him?

Me - He just went for a break. He will be back soon

Shruti - Ha ha.. What happened?

Me - I just couldn’t imagine myself doing this again. I like it when you dominate me. 

Shruti - Then why did you do it like this now?

Me - Just to tell you that I have the ability to be a hardcore bull too

Shruti - I don’t want a hardcore bull. I just want my husband to be the soft puppy he always has been

Me - Hmmmm.. So what about the plan for baby? Is the same plan still on?

Shruti - I don’t know. I have to take some rest and then think about it. So many things happened over the weekend

Me - Yes. Let us discuss about this later. But you have to decide soon. If Jason gives an offer to Pandian, you won’t have much time. Travel will be arranged immediately. You will hardly get a week time

Shruti - Yes I know. I will try to do something before that. You can trust me with these things. 

Me - Of course. When it comes to getting men to bed, I can definitely trust you. By the way, are you still adamant about getting impregnated by Pandian?

Shruti - Yes. 

(She smiled)

Me - I have never been able to understand some of the weird fantasies you have

Shruti - You never will

I kissed her and moved aside. We both slept well that evening.

Chapter 29

It was Monday. I woke up with a surprise early morning. Shruti was standing there dressed up like never before. She was wearing a very decent salwar kameez. Above all, she was wearing the shawl covering her breasts completely. I never knew that she even had such a dress. She tied up her hair properly behind and applied bindi on her forehead. She had already done enough make-up. She applied some kajal on her eyes and turned back. I lay there speechless seeing that. She looked like a cute homely woman with some kind of divine beauty. If someone was told that she had sex with so many guys, that person would beat up the person who told him that. She looked so calm and pious. 

Me - Wow. This is the first time I have seen someone cover everything to seduce a person

Shruti - Shut up, dog.

She giggled and threw something at me. That was when I noticed that she also had so many bangles. She told that she will go to office early. I didn’t want to miss people’s reactions seeing that. I jumped out of the bed and asked her to wait for 10 minutes. I rushed to the bathroom, finished my morning duties within ten minutes and got ready lightning fast. I skipped breakfast and got into the car. She sat next to me. I drove so fast to office. I just couldn’t wait to see what happens in office.

As soon as the lift opened and she entered the office, all heads looked glued in one direction. She was one of the most sexiest women in the office. Men always saw her sexually. They never thought she would look this beautiful in homely dress. She looked like a whole different person in their eyes. The whole scene looked like a fairness cream ad which we see on tv. People who were going around stopped on their feet to take a glance at her. But they could not keep going with just one glance. They kept staring at her. 

Shruti calmly went to her place and sat down. She was waiting for Pandian to arrive. Once Pandian arrived, he looked so busy. Shruti tried to go to his place and talk to him. But he was intentionally avoiding her. She waited till lunch. During lunch, Bharath was sitting next to Pandian. Shruti patted his back and asked him to move to another seat. Bharath moved and gave way for Shruti. Shruti sat next to her and spoke with Aarthi who was sitting opposite to Pandian

Shruti - Why are you talking with people who don’t have any honor at all?

Aarthi - What happened to you?

Shruti - Just an advice. Stay away from men who are not trustworthy. They promise things but won’t give a damn about it once they receive what they wanted.

Aarthi - Seriously. I don’t understand what you are talking about

Shruti - The person who is supposed to understand would have understood

Pandian - Shut up Shruti. If I promised you something I will definitely honor that

Shruti - Oh really? Then why are you avoiding me? Did I sweep you off your feet by making a homely appearance? Are you afraid that you will fall in love with me?

Pandian - Just because you are wearing such conservative dresses, it doesn’t mean you are a decent person. You are still a bitch. 

Shruti - You think whatever you want. What happened to your promise?

Pandian - I promised that if Jason gives me an offer, I will have sex with you

Shruti - I got that for you

Pandian - Not yet. Your end of the promise is done only after I receive the official offer letter

Shruti - Ok. That will take hardly 2 or 3 days. Then why are you avoiding me? You could have told that to me

Pandian - Because I still feel uncomfortable with you. 

Shruti - Why?

Pandian - I feel that you are making some big plot to get pregnant with my child

Shruti - Don’t worry. I am a person with integrity. I won’t plot anything to get impregnated by you. If I get your baby, it will be with your consent

Aarthi - Ok. I think we should leave you two alone.

(We all moved away leaving Shruti and Pandian)

Pandian - Why are you doing this, Shruti?

Shruti - Doing what?

Pandian - Trying so hard to have sex with me

Shruti - I have multiple reasons for that. But the ultimate one is I lust your body

Pandian - Just body?

Shruti - Well.. Your tool is also a part of your body. Isn’t it?

Pandian - No one can beat your sense of humor. I give you that

Shruti - Remember I got hold of your dick in the swimming pool in the resort? I could never stop thinking about it after that

Pandian - Please stop this. You are being so immature here

Shruti - I am just trying to get what I like. What is so immature about it?

Pandian - Listen. From what I see, you have two motives here. One is that you want to get pregnant with my child. That is not going to happen even in your dreams. My life could get complicated because of that. The second motive is that you seem to have totally addicted to this idea of getting fucked by me after seeing my dick. It is as easy as it looks like

Shruti - Let us begin with your first question. We promise that we will not tell our kid the name of his/her actual father. Moreover, you are going abroad. We can manage to stay away from you. Even if you are coming back, tell us first itself. We will stay away from you

Pandian - That is all fine. Still I cannot digest the idea of a bitch like you giving birth to my child

Shruti - Ok. We can talk about the pregnancy thing later. What did you mean by saying handling you is not easy as it looks like?

Pandian - You won’t understand. I am a whole different person on bed

Shruti - Different in what way?

Pandian - First thing, you have seen my dick. You know that it is too big. To be accurate, it is 11 inch long when erect and it is also thicker than the dicks you have seen before. When you see that, you could think it may be a great idea to have that inside you. But believe me, it is better to just&nbsp; dream about it. Having it in any of your holes will be more painful than you think and you will repent for taking this decision later

Shruti - That is ok. You can insert it as much as it goes in

Pandian -That brings me to the second point. Once I get horny and start having sex with a woman, I become an uncontrollable animal. I wont stop even if the woman begs me to stop. I will get too rough. I will slap you hard, spit on you and fuck you hard and fast as no one has ever had fucked you.

Shruti - So you are a rough fucker?

Pandian - Not just a decent rough fucker. One of the roughest fuckers you have ever seen. I will treat you like shit. I might even beat you in the process. I have had sex with 3 prostitutes so far. No one was able to get my dick completely in. 

Shruti - That is ok. I still want to give a try

Pandian&nbsp; - Let me complete. All the 3 prostitutes ran away crying in the middle of the sex session. They complained to the brokers who were managing them and those brokers never brought women to me

Shruti - These things only make me more horny for you

(Shruti put her hand on his crotch. He gently pushed her hand away)

Pandian - Ok. You are just out of your mind. You will learn about it only when you feel it. You have to promise me something if you to have sex with me

Shruti - What is that?

Pandian - You have to do whatever I say till I leave to Europe

Shruti - I dont have problem with that

Pandian - While having sex, I could do extreme and bizarre things. You should not stop me. No matter what. Remember NO MATTER WHAT. You should not stop me. If you stop me, you will never get me

Shruti - Why such a condition?

Pandian - I am tired of having incomplete sex sessions. I want my sex sessions to be complete with you

Shruti - That sounds scary, but fair. Anything else?

Pandian - Right from this moment, I want you to stop having sex with anyone else. Even Dilip. I want you at least a little bit fresh for me. Once I get official offer letter, I will come to your house. You apply leave till I leave to Europe. You will be my bitch all those days. I will stay at your house.

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. I am seriously looking forward to it

Pandian - That is it for now. Let us go back to work. 

The rest of the day was quite busy. I asked Shruti about their conversation during our car journey back. She explained everything. I couldn’t believe she accepted such conditions. 

Me - Are you out of your mind?

Shruti - What? I could get him to bed only if I accepted everything

Me - But do you understand what he told? He could actually hurt you. I want you to be safe

Shruti - Yes I understand that. If things go overboard, I can stop him. I want to see how far I can handle him.

Me - I hope you are careful about this

Shruti - Don’t worry honey. I know it is a risk. But I want to take it. You are the one who advised me that we should always try hard to realize our fantasies. You told that our lives will be wasteful if we don’t try to realize our dreams

Me - Yes. But is it worth the risk? He told clearly that he is not interested in having a child with you

Shruti - I know that. But I want to give it a shot

Me - Seriously? Why do you have to go this far to get impregnated by him?

Shruti (in a loud voice) - Because I lust after him and I want a child as his remembrance. I want our sex to be unforgettable. A child will always remind me of the sex session I had with him

I was silenced for a moment

Shruti - Sorry dear. I still love you. If you were capable of giving me a child, I wouldn’t have thought about it. Now that I started thinking about it, I can’t get it out of my mind. Do you hate me?

Me - I don’t hate you. I love you. That is the reason why I am worrying about your safety. 

Shruti - I am so sorry Dilip. I know I am being so hard to handle for you. But I promise you. Once all this ordeal is done and we go to some other place, we can get back to normal life. I will be a faithful wife to you. I will do everything as per your wish. I just want to have my way till I bear a child. I will not get my youth again. I don’t even know if I will be this much interested in sex after child birth. I want to enjoy life to the fullest before that. Just grant me this wish, please. 

I couldn’t say no to that. I have never seen her ask for permission to me like this before. She literally begged me. She was not the kind of person who usually asks for permission like that. This meant how much she wanted it. That also meant how much she loved me. I just couldn’t say no. I nodded my head and smiled. She hugged me

Chapter 30

Tuesday. Jason had sent the offer letter. Pandian contacted everyone to make his departure as early as possible. He was busy throughout the day. At night, we got a message from him in our group “Tickets confirmed. Leaving this Sunday night. I will come to office tomorrow.”

Everyone replied with “All the best” and “We will miss you” messages. Then he sent a video with caption “Shruti. Be ready for something even worse than this” 

The video was a rough sex scene with pornstar Nacho Vidal. He was slapping, beating and fucking a woman so roughly with his feet on her face. He looked like a psycho and the woman was clearly not enjoying this. Shruti watched the video and winked at me

Me - Are you still going to do this?

Shruti - Do you really expect me to change my decision?

Me- Of course not.

Shruti - The great thing is that this week falls exactly during my fertility period

Me - Yes. But that means nothing if you couldn’t make him cum inside your pussy

Shruti - Yes. I hope he does it

We kissed each other and went to sleep

Wednesday. Shruti was dressed again in salwar kameez. Pandian was again busy. He had to do some formalities. We couldn’t even see him for lunch. After lunch at around 3 PM, he came to Shruti’s place. 

Pandian - You look really good in such dresses

Shruti - Wow. Words of compliment from Pandian. Am I dreaming?

Pandian - I will praise people when they deserve it. By the way, relish the dresses&nbsp; you are wearing today. Starting tonight, you won’t be able to wear a single piece of cloth till Sunday night.

Shruti got horny just by hearing him speak like that

Shruti - Mmmm.. So you believe that I will be able to handle you for 4 days

Pandian - Shut up bitch. If you are not able to handle me, I won’t fuck you. But still you are my slave. You have to stay at home nude all the days

Shruti - Ha ha.. Ok Sir

Pandian - Now go to restroom. Remove your bra and panties. Come out and put them in the cafeteria dust bin when no one is watching

Shruti did as he told. I saw some commotion in the cafeteria in the evening. Some office house keeping workers were fighting for Shruti’s inners. Two of them took each of them home

We were about to start from the office that evening. Pandian came in front of us and told Shruti“I want you to be dressed up like a bride. I want you to wear the same dress you were wearing for your marriage. Same jewels. Tonight must be like your first night. The bed should be filled with flowers”

Shruti - Oh. So we are going to have our first night today?

Pandian - Wait and watch

We reached home. She looked so nervous. She took her bridal saree. She asked me to go out and buy lots of flowers and fruits. When I reached home, the bedroom was locked. I waited outside for half an hour. She opened the door and came out. I re-lived our marriage at that moment. She had dressed herself up in our marriage get up wearing a shining red color silk saree with a matching red color silk blouse. She had applied full bridal make-up and wore lot of gold jewelry - 3 gold bangles on each hand, 2 gold necklaces, one mangalsutra, one golden hip chain, silver anklets and big golden ear rings. She looked so beautiful like a golden chariot. She stood outside the door and looked at me. She felt so shy. I saw her being shy after a really long time. I wanted to relive our wedding night. But she didn’t let me do it. She got some flowers from me and wore it on her hair. She spread the rest of the flowers on the bed. She put the fruits on a plate near the bed. 

We had dinner. We didn’t know what to talk. We heard the sound of a car at around 9 PM. We opened the door to find our entire team coming in. Pandian, Bharath, Santosh and Aarthi came into our house cracking jokes with each other. We asked them to get in. Once they seated themselves in the living room, Shruti asked why everyone came.

Shruti - Why did everyone come?

Aarthi - We did not want to miss this. After all, you have been trying this for months. At last, Pandian budged. We felt it would be better if we had a live view. Your fuck today is going to have live audience. We asked permission from Pandian. He accepted. But we promised him that none of us will get involved in this. We are just going to sit and watch

Bharath - Yes. Pandian had talked so much about his previous sexual escapades. I never believed them. Now is the chance to see if they were all true.

They had brought a set of white shirt and dhoti, the dress a groom wears in our marriages. I thought Pandian was going to wear that and enact a typical Indian wedding night. But Pandian asked me to wear it. I categorically said no. Pandian told Shruti “See. Your husband is not doing what I say“

Shruti - Leave him alone. He is letting me do everything for you. That itself is a big deal. Now, don’t expect too much from him.

Pandian - Come on. It will be better if he wears this and watches us

Me - Pandian. She wants to have you and so she did everything you asked for. But you can’t expect me to do the same

Pandian - Ok. At least will you watch this?

Me - Yes. I will watch. But not because you ask. But to safeguard my wife

Pandian - Safeguard? Are you kidding? You just have to sit and watch. You don’t have the right to interrupt us

Me - I am there to protect her. You don’t have the right to order me

Shruti - Chill guys. Don’t fight for these silly things. Pandian.. Dilip is willing to watch. He just wants me to be safe. Don’t worry. He won’t disturb us.

Santosh - Yes guys. Enough talking. Pandian. Get into action soon.

Pandian - Ok. You guys know what to do. I will wait inside

Pandian went inside the bedroom and closed the door. Aarthi went into our kitchen and boiled some milk. She came back with a glass of hot milk and gave it to Shuti. They were doing things just a typical Hindu suhagraat on the night of the marriage. 

Shruti took the glass of milk and went inside like a bride showing shyness. She opened the door and entered inside. I went inside with Aarthi, Santosh and Bharath. Pandian had switched off all lights except a dim yellow bulb pointed at our bed. The bed was completely visible. But it was dark outside the bed. 

Pandian was sitting on the bed with just his boxers on. He was a different beast altogether without his dress. He had a huge black body with lot of hair everywhere. His chest was completely covered with hair. Even his belly and arms had more hair than normal people. Whatever the hair he had, didn’t hide the muscular hunk he was beneath it. He looked like professional body builders who participate in body building contests. His arms, chest and shoulders looked like that of a muscular monster. He could have lifted Shruti with just one hand. His legs and thighs were also so muscular and big. Both my legs together will not be as big as Pandian’s single leg. He had so much proper muscles in his thighs and legs. To watch such a monster in his boxers sitting on my bed filled with rose petals was a weird sight. Only then I was able to see his tight boxers. His dick’s shape was visible over the boxers.

That definitely didn’t look like a dick at all. It looked like a cricket bat’s handle. So thick and long.I turned to my side to see Aarthi looking at it awestruck. Bharath went out and took 4 chairs inside. Bharath and Santosh put chairs on one side. I was sitting on the other side. Aarthi stood thinking for sometime and brought a chair near me and sat so close to me. Shruti was standing with a glass of milk in her hand to the right of Aarthi.

Pandian - Wow. I have to say. You look so beautiful today. If you had come wearing such a costume to our office once, you would have got my dick long back. 

Bharath - We could have arranged for the first night at our office itself 

Aarthi - Even I feel like doing lesbian with her today. 

Santosh - Even though i have seen her nude multiple days, she looks so different and hotter in this dress

Shruti remained silent all the while with her head bowed down like a typical homely Indian bride. 

Pandian got the glass of water and kept it on the headboard of the bed. He stood up and went near her. Shruti was shivering when his body was so close to her’s. He hugged her tightly for some seconds. Then he tried to remove the pallu of her saree. But it was pinned to her blouse. He smiled and said “This is the most useless thing I have ever seen in my life” . He pulled the pallu hard. It came off tearing her blouse around the shoulder region. He put the pallu down, took a step back to admire her blouse-covered breasts. Her sexy fleshy hip was also visible. Her hot boobs with a silk blouse, two gold necklaces and my mangalsutra. He devoured her with his eyes from top to bottom. Then he held the two sides of her saree along with her petticoat and pulled them down a little bit so that her navel will come out. Her hot round navel was covered a little bit because of the flesh and curve on her hips. He then told “That is how a slut like you must be dressed in a saree. It should be 4 inches below your navel” 

Then he lifted her on his hands, turned around threw her on the bed. Shruti crashed into the bed with the sound of her bangles and anklet. Shruti still had her saree tied around her hips on the petticoat. Shruti was lying on the bed with her left knee up. As a result, the saree and her petticoat had moved a little bit up on her right leg showing a part of her legs, ankles and feet with the silver anklets. I and aarthi were to her left side sitting and watching while Santosh and Bharath were at the other side. Pandian crawled over her and Shruti lowered her knee. He hugged her by lying over her and started kissing her neck. Shruti tried to kiss him lip to lip. But he denied her. Both of them were moaning

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. Please kiss me

Pandian - Bitch. First remember that you are just a bitch for me. I am not your lover to do it romantically. Just shut up and do what I ask you to do

Suddenly he put both his hands on either side of her and pushed himself up. He looked around at us and laughed. He wanted us to see something. Shruti was trying hard to put her hands inside his tight boxers and take his dick out. He used one hand to slap her hand and put it away. Shruti did the same thing again. Pandian also slapped her hands again and pushed it away. But Shruti was relentless. 

Pandian - Be patient bitch. Why are you rushing for my dick? You will get it when you deserve it

Shruti - Mmmmm. I have done everything you have asked for. Please give it to me.

Pandian - Not so fast bitch. 

Saying that, he moved to the headboard and took the glass of milk. He took a sip of the milk in his mouth. He held Shruti by her throat and made her open her mouth. He opened his mouth to let his saliva mixed milk go into her mouth. Shruti was struggling to get out. Her bangles were giving so much of noise. He held her mouth open and made sure that every drop from his mouth gets in. Once he spit out everything he saw that Shruti’s mouth was filled with the milk. He told “Better drink it without spilling it. Or else, you won’t even get to see my tool”

That was all he needed to say and Shruti drunk it without leaving a single drop. She felt like vomiting. But she put her palm over her mouth to control the sensation and drunk it. That was when I felt a hand on my crotch. It was Aarthi. I was just wearing a t-shirt and shorts. Aarthi put her hand inside my shorts and took my erect dick. She told “Aaaahh.. An erect dick as expected. Look how your wife is behaving. See the things she is doing just to get that dick in her pussy. What a slut she is? She is drinking milk from that ugly guy’s mouth just because his dick is large. Your wife is a pure slut.. ” She was shaking my dick while doing that.

Now Pandian moved down to play with her belly and navel. He put both his hands on either side of her hip and held the curve of her hips on both sides. Her white smooth soft love handle looked so contrasting from the big black hairy palms of Pandian. He held them so tightly that Shruti started shouting and lifted her ass up in pain. He lowered his head to her navel and started biting the fleshy part around it while still holding her hips tightly. Shruti was shaking uncontrollably. After doing that for sometime, he moved up. He put both his palms at either side of her blouse. For his power, he just had to pull it casually to tear the front portion off. Shruti was now lying on the bed with the front portion of her blouse torn off.&nbsp; Her cleavage was covered with her necklaces and mangalsutra. 

Pandian didn’t waste anytime to pull her bra down and get her nipples outside. He saw that and told “Wow.. Sweet cute nipples. I like such small nipples” He took her right nipple in his mouth. He nibbled them like a mouse nibbling cheese. I knew Shruti was horny even when she entered the room. All the things that were happening would have definitely made her ultra hot. Her moans turned into screams within a minute. He was biting her nipples hard. Shruti was squirming while trying to push him away. After sometime Pandian left her nipples. He moved down and removed the part of her saree which was stuffed inside her petticoat. He pulled the saree completely out and it was bunched together next to her. Shruti was on the bed with a torn red blouse and a black petticoat. Meanwhile Aarthi was still shagging my dick. Santosh and Bharath were sweating hard seeing the things which were happening. 

Pandian was searching for something from her saree. While he was searching Shruti kneeled behind him, hugged him and tried to put her hands inside his boxers again. He pushed her back to the bed. He asked Bharath and Santosh to come to bed and hold her down. Bharath held her left hand down while Santosh held her right hand down. Shruti was lying on the bed with two hands above her shoulders. Pandian finished searching the saree. He had the pin which she used to hold the pallu of the saree with her blouse. Shruti was frightened seeing that. She was not able to figure out what he had in mind. She looked at him in horror as Pandian sat besides her thighs. With one hand he pinched the front part of her petticoat near her crotch, lifted it up up and inserted the pin just to the right of Shruti’s crotch. The pin pierced through the cloth. He held the petticoat above so that the pin doesn’t injure Shruti. Shruti was shaking her legs. 

Pandian asked Bharath to come down and hold her legs with the bed. Bharath left her hand and Santosh took over holding both her hands. Bharath held her ankles with his hands tightly. Now Pandian proceeded to move the pin around by pulling it with all his power. He was tearing a part of the petticoat. Shruti started enjoying this with her closed eyes. After some amount of hardwork, he had removed the front part of her petticoat completely. She just had a thin cloth going from her left hip to her right hip at the top. Her panties were also so small and covered only her pussy. Below that, was completely torn off. Her legs and thighs were fully visible. Her legs looked hotter with the silver anklets. Her legs and thighs were glittering in the yellow light. She had gone to the beauty parlor the previous day to wax them completely. The color of her legs contrasted with the black petticoat.

Pandian admired her legs and thighs “Wow. Bharath always talked about your legs and thighs. I did see them in the forest camp and resort before. But I didn’t really have time to observe it properly. They are definitely so hot. The perks of being a brahmin woman”

Shruti - Mmmmm.. You have me for 4 days. The entire body is yours. Observe them nicely.. Ha ha ha

Pandian - Really? Why is this beautiful brahmin lady interested in a lower caste ugly guy grown up in slums?

Shruti - Mmmmm.. It is not about caste. It is not about looks. It is always about your dick. Now please stop teasing me..

Pandian - Wait slut? We have 4 days. We have a lot of time. Don’t rush. I need to admire your body completely.

Pandian signaled to Bharath and Santosh and made her roll over. Now Shruti was lying on the bed face down. Bharath and Santosh were again holding her hands. Pandian used the same pin and pierced it in her petticoat just above the ass. He started tearing the petticoat again. But this time, he just just cut off a big rectangle around her ass. She didn’t cut the lower half of the petticoat behind her. Her huge bun like white ass was visible now. Shruti’s panties were small compared to her ass and the panty cloth was hiding inside her ass-crack.

Bharath told that it was funny to see her in a petticoat like that. Pandian bent down and kissed her two big ass cheeks which were perfectly round and white without a scratch or wrinkle. He used both his palms to hold the asscheeks and crush them. He then gave a slap on both ass cheeks. Her ass became red. Shruti shrieked out. Pandian alternated between&nbsp; crushing her ass cheeks and slapping them. Then suddenly, without any warning he pulled the top of her panties, tore them and threw them away. Her panties fell on Aarthi’s lap. She took them and started laughing. Her panties were totally wet like they were dipped in a bucket of water. Bharath saw that and took the torn piece of petticoat to observe it. The petticoat cloth was also very wet. Juices were still leaking from Shruti’s pussy. They were trolling her for that. But Shruti was in no mood to hear them. She just kept moaning and screaming with her face buried in the bed asking for Pandian’s dick.

Pandian told “Ok. I will give you my dick. But not in your pussy. You have to take it in your mouth. Based on your performance, I will decide whether to put it inside your pussy”

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. I will perform well. Don’t worry about that

Pandian - Ok. Here it is bitch.

They rolled her back to the original position and made her lie on her back. Pandian sat on her breasts. He asked Shruti to do the rest. Shruti smiled like a baby who got chocolate. She didn’t waste a microsecond and pulled his boxer down. Pandian’s dick jumped out of his boxer and moved around like a spring. Everyone in the room was stunned by seeing that. His dick definitely looked like a snake. It was circumsized. It was around 11 inch long. It was too thick too like an iron pipe. While he was sitting on her breast, his dick was touching her eyes. That was how long his dick was. Shruti was a bit taken aback by the length of his dick. She knew it was long. But didn’t expect it to be so long. Pandian commanded her “Enough watching. Don’t waste my time and take it in your mouth bitch”

Shruti took it in her mouth. Only one fourth of his dick went in her mouth. She was trying to satisfy him by movin her lips up and down the top of his shaft while using her palms to shag the rest of his dick.

Pandian - I didn’t come here to make you suck only the bud of my dick. Take it completely bitch

Shruti tried even more. It went 2 inches more and a little less than half his dick was in her mouth. It was already hitting the back of her throat. Pandian was pumping but was not satisfied yet. He lifted his ass, held her head with his hands and pushed his dick inside with all his might. Shruti started squirming. She was quivering and trying to escape. But Pandian and Santosh were holding her hands and legs. I saw that Shruti’s throat was expanding a bit. Pandian was forcing his dick down into her throat. Aarthi was still talking to me “See how deep your wife is taking the dick in her throat. She loves such beasts. She might even take his dick till her chest”

That was when I ejaculated. The cum sprayed in the upward direction and landed on my shorts and Aarthi’s hands. She laughed and told what happened to Santosh. They looked at me and laughed while Pandian still trying to push his dick inside even more. Around 7 inches had gone in and 4 inches were remaining. Shruti’s eyes became red and were about to pop-up. 

After ejaculation, I lost my horniness and my common sense returned back. I felt that what Pandian was doing to Shruti was so dangerous and Shruti was running out of breath. I stood up from my seat and jumped on Pandian to push him away. I did not have power to push him away. But at least his dick came out of Shruti’s mouth. Shruti coughed a lot and was breathing hard. Her face was wet with sweat. Pandian stared at me, slapped Shruti and got out of the bed. He started dressing up. Shruti asked him “Where are you going?”

Pandian - To my house. I will better shag alone at my house than doing it in front of your stupid husband. He doesn’t even know who takes the decision here

Shruti - Please don’t go. It won’t happen again. I promise.

Pandian - I don’t want excuses. I thought I made myself here before coming here. This is not how it was supposed to work. I told you before-hand that I am a rough guy and I will try to have my way with you. If you don’t let me do any of them I will just leave you

Shruti - Sorry. I was giving my best. My husband got afraid that I was running out of breath

Pandian had dressed up by that time. He went to take his car. He looked so angry. Shruti ran behind him. She forgot the fact that she was wearing only a torn blouse with her bra lowered and a comically torn petticoat. She ran behind him and fell at his feet while he was at the verandah of our house.

Chapter 31
Pandian did not mind her and continued walking. Shruti was on the floor, holding his right leg along with her chest and begged him not to leave. He just kept dragging her on the floor. They were already near our house gate. If the people from both our neighboring houses looked through their windows, they could have seen Shruti at this state. I rushed and switched off the verandah light. Pandian told her “Don’t make it difficult for me. I wont even mind dragging you out of your house to the road like this. So leave my legs”

Shruti(with tears in her eyes) - Please Pandian. Just imagine how many things I did to get you to the bed. I slept with that black guy in open forest for you. For the past one week I have been doing everything you asked me to

Pandian - Yes. But your husband is spoiling things. What does he think about himself?

Shruti - You are the one who wanted Dilip there. 

Pandian - I want him there. But he should just sit and watch. What happens on the bed is none of his business? I don’t want him to poke his nose into this

Shruti - Ok. I will talk to him.. Please don’t leave

Pandian - What are you going to talk to him?

Shruti - I will tell him not to get involved

Pandian - Will he accept that?

Shruti - I will convince him. Now, I beg you to come back to the house.. If I couldn’t convince him, then you can go home. I wont ask a single question

Pandian - Ok. Go and convince him. I will wait here

Shruti came in. I shouted at her “What is wrong with you?”

She just pushed me aside to the kitchen where no one was there

Shruti - What is wrong with you?

Me - He was literally going to kill you

Shruti - Kill me? That is an over-reaction

Me - Come on. His dick down your throat like that. If he had it like that for 10 more seconds, you would have died

Shruti - But he won’t

Me - How can you be sure? He is a beast. But he doesn’t even have an ounce of brain. Better send him home. I pretty sure he will screw things up pretty badly if we let him be here for 4 days

Shruti - He just started. I wanted to see how long I can handle it

Me - Listen dear. You are letting your lust for him cloud your judgement. Your safety is more important than anything else for me

Shruti - Ok. I understand honey. But still I worked so hard to get him here. I don’t want everything to go in vain

Me - But you cannot risk your life for that

Shruti - Fine. I have one idea

Me - What is that?

Shruti - Safe word

Me - What safe word?

Shruti - Have you watched bdsm videos? Most of the time the sub is tied up and master/mistress tries various things on the sub. If any of these cross limits, the sub can use the safe word to tell that the sub cannot do that. The master/mistress have to stop whatever they are doing

Me - What is the use of safe word if your mouth is stuffed like that?

Shruti - That is not a big problem. I will have TOP-GUN as my safe word. If my mouth is filled or I cannot talk for some reason, I will bend my right hand’s forefinger like a fork or a loop. Is that ok?

Me - That is fine. But why do you take such a risk for him? Am I not satisfying you enough?

Shruti - Just one last time, Dilip. It is not like you are not satisfying. You saw the size of his tool. I just want to get the feel of it. Please, Dilip. This might be the last such escapade I have in my life.

Me - Whatever it is. Will Pandian accept for the safeword thing?

Shruti - I will convince him. But you promise me that you wont stop anything unless you hear me use the safe-word. Just go by whatever he says.

I promised with some hesitation

We both went out of the kitchen. Shruti called out for Pandian. Both of them went to the kitchen alone. They came out after 5 minutes and Pandian accepted the suggestion. Bharath looked at Shruti and smiled

Bharath - You are such a diplomat

Shruti(blushing) - Thanks for the compliments

Bharath - Except one thing. I have never seen a diplomat dressed like this

Shruti scolded him and chased him around the living room. Pandian got between her way, lifted her up and took her back to the bedroom. He threw her on the bed and started undressing. He got completely nude and pounced over her. Within seconds he tore of her blouse, bra and her petticoat. She was now completely nude just wearing the ornaments and mangalsutra. Shruti lied in the same position like before and Pandian started fucking her mouth. We all went back to our seats like before. It was around 11 PM by that time. 

Pandian did the same thing again. He pushed his dick as deep as possible. After some effort he was able to put around 8 inches in her mouth. It was deep in her throat for that. He realized that he couldn’t push it anymore as he couldn’t bend his dick anymore. He pushed his dick in her throat, held it for 10 seconds and took it out. He repeated it multiple times. Meanwhile Aarthi became so horny at that time. He asked Santosh for permission to have sex with me. Santosh nodded. But Pandian denied. He told “Not now. Let me fuck Shruti once in front of Dilip. I want him to concentrate on us completely. I want him to see how his sweet brahmin wife capitulates to this ugly guy’s dick” 

He asked Bharath to take condoms from his shirt packet. He had around 10 boxes of condoms. That was too much for any condom to handle. They were all the bigger sized ones. He sat on Shruti’s breast with his legs on both sides and asked Shruti to put the condoms over his cock. Shruti smiled while doing that. After so much of effort, she was able to stretch the condoms and put over his dick completely. She told “You beast. Even an XL sized condoms could cover only half your dick. What if it breaks because of your dick size?”

Pandian - Don’t worry dear. I will be safe about this. Put another condom over that.

Shruti - No dear. Let us proceed with one itself. Don’t waste condoms

Pandian - I know that you want the condoms to break. I am not falling for that. Just shut up and take the next condom

Shruti reluctantly put the other condom over his dick. Now was the time for the big thing. Shruti was getting ready to take that dick in her pussy. She sat with her legs apart. Pandian observed her pussy which didn’t have a single hair. Even after getting fucked pretty often she had managed keep it very good.&nbsp; He played with her pussy for a couple of minutes. He slapped her pussy hard around five times asking her “Is your pussy ready, Shruti? Is this pussy ready” Shruti jumped and screamed for every slap and replied “Aaaaahhh.. Yesssss.. Please stop… Mmmmmm. Please fuck me” When he slapped her pussy, the sound that came was good enough to understand how wet her pussy was. Then he held both her pussy lips together between his thumb and his forefingers tightly and pinched them together. Shruti gave a loud non-stop scream.

Pandian - Now. If you want my dick in your pussy, you have to do one final assignment

Shruti - Oh shit… What now? 

Pandian - Aarthi. Can you bring your sweetheart Dilip here?

Shruti - Why him?

Pandian - Before starting to fuck you, I want to know if he had succumbed to the rules of this place. I want to be sure that he will not disturb us

Shruti - Please leave him

Pandian - Listen. If you want to taste my dick, you and your pussy husband must learn that you are both my slaves. Only then it will work. Now shut up and ask your sissy husband to come here with Aarthi

Shruti looked at me and blinked her eyes. I stood up. Aarthi came with me holding my hands.We went and sat on the bed.

Pandian - Aarthi. Hold his throat tightly, choke him and push his head near Shruti

Shruti - What the fuck are you trying to do?

Pandian - Shut up, bitch. One more question and I am out of here

Aarthi chuckled and did what Pandian asked her to do. She choked my throat lightly and pushed my head to Shruti

Pandian - Now, I want you to slap his cheeks so hard till he asks sorry to me. Remember, it must be so rough and hard. I must hear the sound loud and clear. If I see any namesake slap, I am out of here

Shruti - Please

Pandian - Bitch..

Shruti - Ok.. I will do it

I looked at Shruti in horror. Before I could think anything, a hard slap landed on my cheeks with the chiming sound of her bangles. My head moved a bit and Aarthi held my throat tightly and pushed me to Shruti again

Pandian - What are you waiting for? Did he apologize?

Shruti - No

Pandian - Then continue bitch

She slapped the same side again and again till I felt enough was enough and shouted “Sorry..”

Pandian - Now I am going to fuck you. You are going to achieve your dream. I want Dilip to suck your toes throughout the session

Shruti looked at me and told “Please Dilip. My last sex wish. As I told, I will be a good wife after child birth.”

I said yes reluctantly. But deep inside, my submissive side had woken up. It was asleep for a long time as Shruti didn’t really dominate me much. It was back to full swing. I was going to lick her feet after a long time. Given that she was going to be fucked by Shruti’s dream cock, my licking was going to multiply her orgasms.

Pandian called Bharath and Santosh again to help him. They made Shruti lie down on the bed. Bharath sat behind her head and held her hands to the bed. Santosh kneeled next to Bharath. Pandian held her ankles and lifted them up as much as possible till Santosh was able to reach her ankles. Santosh held her ankles and pulled them towards him till they touched the bed on either side of her head. Shruti was now completely bent like rubber around her hips. But her pussy and asshole were exposed. Shruti’s head was poking out from between her legs. Pandian kept his palms on either side of her hips and stayed in push-ups position with his dick positioned on her pussy. He looked at me. I automatically moved near her head where her feet were placed. I bent down like a dog and licked her feet. 

Shruti looked at Pandian’s face expectantly. Pandian pushed two inches inside with his first push. Though Shruti had taken upto 7 inches long dick inside, this was the first time she was taking a cock so thick. That meant more pressure on the vaginal walls. That meant more pleasure for Shruti. Pandian took his dick out and inserted suddently with lot of power this time. Shruti’s body moved back by itself due to the power of his push. Shruti’s eyes and mouth were wide open. Six inches of the dick went in. Shruti didn’t breathe or talk for around 10 seconds and then she let out a wild scream with tears rolling down her cheeks.

Pandian asked her “Want to use the safe word?”

Shruti just shook her head and tried to get her hands out of Bharath’s hold. Bharath was holding them tightly. Pandian held the same position to make her pussy get accustomed to it. She then told Bharath - “Bharath and Santosh. Leave my hands and legs. I wont run away. I want to hug Pandian”

Bharath - What? Why do you want to do that?

Shruti - These are things you won’t understand. I have just surrendered to his body. Please leave me. I want to hug him

They smiled and let go of her hands and legs. Shruti hugged Pandian tightly putting her arms around his chest till his back. She was not even able to touch her own hand on the other side. Pandian’s upper body was so big. I have never seen Shruti hug anyone so tightly. She also had her legs around his hips. I stood up and moved behind Pandian. I was able to see only her hands and ankles buried in Pandian’s muscles. Pandian’s body completely covered her otherwise. I went to lick her feet. But Pandian asked me to go to my seat as it will be disturbance for him.

Aarthi - Wow. Look at that sight.&nbsp; A slutty brahmin wife hugging the black beast. Look at the difference between the skin of both the people. She has super white smooth skin while his skin is super black hairy and rough

Me - Mmmmm.. You want him too?

Aarthi - I am not a slut like your wife. I know that I cannot take such a dick in my hole. But your wife just cannot resist the temptation for a big dick

Just when Aarthi finished that line, we heard Shruti’s scream which was even louder accompanied with the sound of her bangles and anklet. We looked at the bed to see Shruti still hugging Pandian tightly but shaking like a fish which came out of water. Pandian had pushed 2 more inches in with one push. Totally 8 inches were inside Shruti. She looked like a toy under him. It was like watching a lion devour a deer. Her head was buried in his chest. Her hands and legs were clamped tightly around him. Then I found her thighs shivering again. That was the sign of Shruti having an orgasm. The whole room was silent for 2 minutes and both of them were motionless. Shruti was silently sobbing and taking long breathe. Pandian held both of her legs with his hands and pulled them apart to see how much went in.

Pandian - Wow. That was 8 inches. 

Shruti(with a meagre voice) - Aaahhh..Did anyone?.. Did anyone?.. Did anyone take it more deeper?

Pandian- A prostitute had taken in almost the same length

Shruti - Then push it in more

Pandian - What?

Shruti - Push it more.. Please

Pandian - You are crazy. You have taken it much deeper. It will be way too painful if I try more

Shruti - I want to be the person who has taken your dick to the deepest place. I want to be the queen of your cock

Pandian - Ok. Dilip. You just saw. It was her request. That is why I am doing this. Here we go

He pushed again. This time, it was not a single quick push. He kept pushing continuously for 1 minute. He was screaming throughout as he was putting so much force. Shruti was screaming in chorus with him. Bharath moved behind Pandian and looked at his dick closely. Shruti’s screams got louder and she was crying hard now “Aaaaahhhhhh.. Aaaahhhh“

Pandian - Is it paining?

Shruti - Ya.. It is paining so much. You are tearing my tissues apart

Pandian - You want me to stop? Mmmmmm…Aaaaahh

Shruti - Noooooo… Keep doing it

Bharath - Guys.. His dick is going in even deeper but very slowly. It is like watching a snake moving

Suddenly Shruti hit Pandian’s arms hard and shouted “Stop it.. Stop it.. Stop it”

Pandian paused. Shruti wanted to get out of his hold. 

Shruti “Take it out. Take it out. ”

Pandian - No.. Let it be. Only then it will get accustomed to it

Shruti was crying now “Please. I took it too deep. It is paining deep inside”

Pandian - Dont worry dear. It will be like that only initially. Your body is getting used to my dick.. You know you have taken in 10 inches? Just 1 inch is remaining. I wont push it in anymore. This is enough. You are definitely the queen of my cock

Shruti hugged Pandian loosely and put her head on his shoulder. Pandian was consoling her. After sometime, Pandian took his dick from her pussy leaving a huge void in her pussy. Weird sounds were coming from her pussy. He didn’t give her much time and inserted his dick again. Shruti shrieked this time too. His dick had gone in by 8 inches this time. He had to put more pressure to insert the 10 inches again. Shruti’s voice had totally gone down. He started the pumping motion slowly. Shruti was in severe pain. But she didn’t use the safe word. She was slapping his chest again and again. Her bangles gave the chiming sound everytime she did that. But she didn’t use the safe word. Pandian was good at controlling his ejaculation and he continued for another 15 minutes. By that time Shruti was totally limp. She had her eyes open when she saw him flex his ass muscles and cum. He then collapsed over her. His weight was too much for her

Pandian moved aside after 2 minutes. He took out the condoms. I saw so much of cum inside the condoms. One of the condoms had broken. But the second one had held together. If not, Shruti would have definitely become pregnant. I looked around to find both Santosh and Bharath sitting with cum on their hands. Shruti slowly got up and walked to the kitchen. She didn’t mind wearing any dress. She ate some bananas to get back her energy. She also drank some energy drink she had in the fridge. After 1 hour, she was back to normal. But she still felt so much of pain in her pussy. 

Aarthi asked Pandian “Can I take Dilip now?”

Pandian - Yes. But not in this room. Go to the living room

I really wanted to do it at that time. Both of us rushed to the living room. We undressed each other and became nude in a minute.&nbsp; I made her kneel on the sofa. I kneeled behind her and started fucking her pussy from behind. I was out of control that day and fucked her too fast. Aarthi was equally out of control. Watching Pandian fucking Shruti excited her more than me. Shruti came out to see what was happening. She went into the bedroom. I was fucking Aarthi for more than 10 minutes continuously. As I had cummed before once, I was able to control for longer time this time. We changed position. Aarthi made me lie down on the floor. She sat over me and was riding me.

We heard some noise from our bed room. It was some swearing sound mixed with laughter. I saw Shruti running outside the bedroom nude into the living room. She had removed the necklaces. Now she was wearing only the mangalsutra, bangles and anklets. Pandian was chasing her in his boxers. Shruti was carrying a small bag. Pandian was asking for it

Pandian - Give it, bitch

Shruti - Come on. You enjoyed it very much. It would be even better without this

Both were running around me and Aarthi. I realized it was the bag Pandian had brought condoms in. 

Pandian - Ok. You want me to fuck you without condoms right?

Shruti - Yes.. Do you have the guts to do that?

Pandian - Of course I have. Come here now. I will show my bravery

Bharath and Santosh were watching from the bedroom door. Shruti threw the bag to Santosh and told “You guys heard him. He has accepted the challenge. Hold the bag safely”

She ran towards Pandian and jumped on to him like a monkey. Pandian caught her in his hands. He put her on the shoulders and made her lie on the floor right next to me. He asked Santosh to hold her legs the same way he did before. Shruti was asking “Why do you want him to hold? I can take it again”

Pandian - You will understand soon

Santosh pulled her legs up to her head and held her ankles next to her head. Both her ass and pussy were visible. Pandian was about to mount her, when Aarthi had an orgasm. I heard Shruti’s voice tear my ear drums. I looked to my left to find Shruti rolling around the floor with one hand on her ass. She was in unbearable pain. She looked like someone had stabbed her. But Pandian was laughing. He told “I told I will fuck you without condoms. I didn’t say which hole. Santosh, why did you leave her?”

Santosh - Dude. She is in some serious pain. Don’t do this

Pandian - I will do whatever I want till she uses the safe word

Shruti was still in pain and was rolling on the floor. He held her hair and made her stand up. He pushed her to a wall in the standing position. He was still holding her hair and shouted “You are challenging my bravery? You bitch” He slapped her ass. Her ass was shaking. The second slap was very hard and her ass became red. Then he kept slapping on both asscheeks alternately for a long time. Shruti was crying and begging with her hands together to stop it. For every slap, she was dancing in pain. Now, he pushed her to the wall closely and stood behind her. He turned back to look at me and told “She didn’t use the safeword yet”

Aarthi told me, “Come on. Don’t look at them. I know you are so angry. Show all that on me. I want you to fuck me as fast as he is fucking your wife” I pushed Aarthi to the floor. I made her lie fat on her stomach, mounted over her and put my dick on her asshole. Aarthi screamed “No.. No.. Not there. Put it in my pussy” Santosh kept his hands on my shoulders. He told “You people are slaves to Pandian. But she is not slave to you. Just do as she says”

I gave up and positioned my dick on Aarthi’s pussy. Pandian positioned his dick near her asshole and whispered in her ears “Get ready to pay for your mistake, bitch” He pushed his dick into her asshole again. Shruti resisted.

Pandian - Don’t resist. I have enough strength to push it in. But it will be so painful

Shruti - Please. Don’t do it. Your dick is so big. I cannot take it

Pandian - Don’t worry slut. You can. Just leave your asshole freely. It will be painful at first. But you will get used to it eventually

Shruti - At least use oil

Pandian - How many times should I tell that I am the king here, I pass the rules here and you must just obey what I say?

Telling that, he held her hair tightly and kept pushing his dick continuously. Shruti was struggling hard and trying to get out of it

Pandian - Remember. If you use the safe word, I am done here. You won’t see me again

Me - Come on Shruti. Better stop this. 

Aarthi - She is an adult. She knows when to stop. Now you start fucking me.

Shruti didn’t respond at all. I wanted to stop things right there. But I had promised her I wont. Now his huge dick was tearing its way through her rectum. It went 5 inches deep. She had taken dicks till 5 inches deep in her ass. But not this thick. Shruti managed to push him away and walked 2 steps to her right. She was stuttering while walking with one hand on her ass. I just couldn’t watch it. In rage, I pushed my dick into Aarthi’s pussy so hard that Aarthi shrieked. But she asked me to continue like that. Pandian followed Shruti and pushed her to the wall again and inserted his dick again. Shruti shrieked and fell down. I saw that her asshole was bleeding a little bit. But Pandian didn’t mind. He fell over her limp body. Held her hair, lifted her hair up and told “Slut knows everything. This is the best position to fuck her deep. That is the reason why she fell down.”

He was right. Now he was able to put his entire weight on her and push his dick in her ass. I was on the same position over Aarthi. But I was fucking her pussy. I was fucking her so hard holding her hair the way Pandian was holding Shruti’s hair and fucked her much faster. Faster than I have fucked anyone before. Pandian was still pushing his dick in. Shruti looked like an insect caught under a car tyre. She was unable to move. Pandian put back the 5 inches inside. But he was not able to push it further

Shruti - Please. That is enough. Just pump with your dick that much deep

Pandian - Come on bitch. My dick is totally 11 inch. Not even half of it has gone in. What could I feel with just 5 inches inside. Just take 2 more inches. Then I will start pumping

Shruti - Please use oil. I beg you

Pandian lifted her ass up from the floor. He kept her head sticking to the floor. Only her ass was up. He kneeled before her. He was tall and Shruti was in a bent position with her ass up.&nbsp; He stretched one leg alone over her body to her face.. He kept one foot on her face and the other foot behind her ass. He asked her to lick his feet and keep his feet in her mouth. It was like doggy style. Just that he had one leg on her face.

He pushed again. Shruti didn’t scream this time. I saw that Shruti had Pandian’s feet in her mouth and she was biting his feet to endure the pain.&nbsp; That was enough for me as I ejaculated a lot in Aarth’s pussy. Aarthi also orgasmed at the same time. I stood up from her. She also stood up and hugged me as we both watched Pandian and Shruti.

After he had reached the 5 inch mark in that crazy position with his feet in her mouth, he found the position uncomfortable and took back his leg to kneel in proper position and fuck her in proper doggy style. He started the pumping motion with just 5 inches. Shruti thought he had given up and won’t go in any deeper. Still it was painful due to the girth of his dick. She left her hole loose. She stopped resisting as he was in the to-and-fro motion, Pandian got Shruti unaware and pushed with lot of power. Shruti crashed into the floor with an even louder scream. By then, I got used to her screams. I just couldn’t watch her crying like that. I was pissed of that she was not using the safe word. I went out of the room. Pandian didn’t mind that. He knew how difficult it was to watch her like that. 

I was in the verandah. I heard Shruti’s voice now and then. After around half an hour, I ceased hearing her voice and I just heard the others laughing. I went in to find Shruti in doggy position as strong as ever. Pandian was fucking her ass from behind. He was fucking her 8 inches deep. Only 3 inches of his dick was visible. He was fucking her slowly. I saw some dried blood around her thighs. But I didn’t expect her to get used to it so fast. It was still painful for her. I saw that her face didn’t have a single expression. She had her eyes closed. But she was able to endure the pain. She was strong. Pandian ejaculated 5 minutes after I went in. There was literally a river of cum flowing out of her ass. Shruti tried to direct some of them to her pussy with her hands. Pandian laughed at her and held her hands tightly till all the cum came out of her ass. He stood up with a feeling of accomplishment and went into the bedroom to sleep. Shruti was tired and fell asleep on the floor.

Santosh - That was quite a hard fucking session. Your wife is a really strong person dude

Me - How did she get it in till 8 inches?

Santosh - Pandian was right. Initially she was resisting it a lot. After you went out, she suddenly lifted her head and looked back at Pandian. She herself held her ass cheeks apart, loosened her body and commanded him “Now push” Pandian didn’t even wait a second and gave a hard push. I literally heard her asshole tearing. It went in till 7.5 inches I would say. I thought Shruti would have been dead at that time. But she just gave a groan and kept taking it from him

Me - I don’t know what is wrong with her.&nbsp; Why is she doing that for him?

Santosh - I think I know the reason

Me - What is that?

Santosh - Some women just don’t like it when some guy ignores them. Pandian has been ignoring her for a very long time that it got into her head. It was a psychological thing with her for a long time

Me - What am I supposed to do now?

Aarthi - Absolutely nothing. If you ask me, she is strong enough to endure

Me - But why? Why should she do that? Why is she stubborn about this?

Aarthi - This is a problem with many beautiful women. They would have been the centre of attention for all guys throughout their lives. If someone ignores them, they just cannot accept the fact. Shruti has been receiving so much attention in our office from everyone. But Pandian ignored her completely. Even worse, she was addicted to his manliness and muscular body. When she wanted him and he ignored her, she just couldn’t handle that. Now that she has got a chance she is trying her best to impress him

Me - I don’t know what to do now

Aarthi - If you try to stop this now, things will go bad. She is strong and can handle this. And this is only for 4 days. You are lucky that Pandian is leaving now. Just try to go through the motion these 4 days. Things will be fine after this. Don’t forget. She still loves you. What she does with Pandian is just something that grew out of her ego

Me - Thank you so much for the advice

Aarthi - Don’t mention it. It is time for us to leave. Call us if there is any problem

Aarthi, Santosh and Bharath left the house. I had so much thinking to do. I woke up Shruti, took her to the bathroom. She was walking slowly. She told she didn’t need my support. On the way, I saw that Pandian was having a deep sleep on the bed with some scattered rose petals. I washed her pussy and ass. I soaped her well so that all the traces of cum and blood are gone. While taking bath she told me “I heard what Aarthi said”

Me - Pardon me?

Shruti - I heard what Aarthi said

Me - Don’t mind it

Shruti - What she said is true. My addiction to Pandian is mostly because of his indifference towards me.

Me - I understand that. But you should know when to stop things

Shruti - Don’t worry about that, Dilip. It is all a matter of getting used to. You saw how easy it was for me to take his dick in the ass towards the end

Me - Yes. But you had to undergo hell before that

Shruti - Not anymore. I can take it easily here after. I could take 10 inch of his dick in my pussy and 8 inch in my ass

Me - This is just the first night. We don’t know the things he will try in the future

Shruti - Don’t worry dear. If I cannot handle it, I will definitely use the safe word. I am not that dumb.

Me - Then why didn’t you use it today

Shruti - What he did was so painful. But definitely not something for which I will give up. I thought I will be able to endure it. 

Me - I never knew you had such a great endurance

Shruti - If it is worth enduring. I will endure. I feel that a guy like him is worth enduring.

Me - I am pretty sure I will never be able to satisfy you again. My dick won’t even feel your skin when I penetrate you

Shruti(giggling) - Ha ha ha.. Don’t worry. This is just for 4 days. If I stop having sex for a long time after he leaves, things will be back to normal

Me - I hope so

Shruti - Thank you so much hubby

Me - For what?

Shruti - For staying away from us and keeping up the promise

Me - I almost broke it

Shruti - Yes. I know. I know you were angry that I didn’t use the safe word. I feel I need something so hardcore like this to put an end to my sex addiction

Me - What do you mean?

Shruti - The thing what Aarthi told is partially right. The reason why I chose pandian was that. But the reason why I am allowing this rough treatment is different. If I just get the same usual kind of sex all days, it will be hard for me to stop it abruptly. I will still have the fantasies of rough sex. The only way to do that is to endure all this till I don’t have anything else to try, till I get tired of these things. I have been watching too much of porn lately. Mostly rough sex and bdsm stuff. Not a day goes by without thinking about them. If I could actually endure it, I could put those thoughts away from my mind. 

Me - I don’t understand a single thing you are saying

Shruti - Ha ha. The bottom line is you just let me do things my way for these 4 days. By the end of it, I will completely come out of my sex addiction. I will become a proper wife and a good mother. This is a promise

Me - Promise?

Shruti - I swear on my life. This Sunday night, when Pandian leaves, I am officially putting a security gate for my body. Only you have the access to pass through it

Me - Ha ha. I love you dear

We had a light hearted conversation. I was surprised to find her back to normal so soon after what she endured. She still had some pain in her ass. But it was not bad as expected. She told she was having a burning sensation. Then we were walking back through the bedroom. Shruti told bye to me and moved into the bed with Pandian who was lying nude. Shruti hugged him, looked at me and whispered “Just 4 days dear”. I smiled and left


Chapter 32

Thursday. I woke up in the morning and wanted to use the bathroom. I passed through the bedroom to find that Shruti had her head on Pandian’s hairy chest and they were sleeping like husband and wife. Shruti was just with her mangalsutra, bangles and anklets. Her arms were on Pandian’s belly and her legs were on Pandian’s thighs. I envied Pandian for sometime. Though I acted to he like I was convinced me last night, I just couldn’t handle it. When other guys fucked her, it was more like she was using them for sex. With Pandian, my wife Shruti had surrendered herself to him. She was doing everything he said. That was too much for me to handle. Then I went to use the toilet. I brushed and took bath. When I came out of the bathroom, Pandian was trying to wake up Shruti. Shruti woke up. But she was so drowsy.

Pandian wanted to have an early morning sex session. But Shruti was feeling too sleepy. He held her head and looked like he was going to kiss Shruti. His lips were near her lips. But he moved his head back and gave her a hard slap on the cheeks. Shruti didn’t expect that. All her drowsiness wore off with that single slap. Her cheeks were a little bit red. She kept her palms on her cheeks. Pandian just put her legs apart and started fucking her madly. Shruti was not reacting initially. But later she became horny and started matching Pandian’s motion. I was surprised to find Shruti totally at ease with taking Pandian’s dick. Pandian was putting in only 8 inches of his dick. But Shruti was in pain even for 5 inches of his dick the previous day. This was a huge improvement. With more pressure, she was capable of taking 10 inches inside. Pandian kept slapping her on both cheeks while he was fucking her. This guy was definitely an animal. They were all very hard slaps. How was he getting the motivation to beat a beautiful woman like her? I wanted to stop him right there and beat the shit out of him. But I knew I was not capable of doing that.

He then rolled her over and fucked her ass from behind. He was going only 6 inches deep. But this was still a little bit painful for her. But she was handling it much better than the previous day. In fact, she was beginning to enjoy it. I felt that she was safe now. Pandian kept shouting “Ahhh… I love your ass more than your pussy. It is tighter. How did people leave it so tight? Even after getting fucked by so many people, how did you manage to have it tight?”

Shruti - Mmmm.. Because I didn’t let them fuck me deeply. Aaaahh. They were not strong enough to put in deeper than 5 inches

Pandian - Then why did you let me do it dear?

Shruti - Because, I love you. Because I want you to do it. Because aaaaaahhh. Because I am your slave. Because I surrendered myself to you

Pandian -&nbsp; Dilip.. Did you see that? See how much she loves me?

Before I could respond Shruti had a crazy orgasm. She fell on the bed. She was so weak from the hardcore fuck for the past 12 hours. Pandian came in her asshole and they both collapsed on bed. I got a call from office. It was Vivek. He told there was some serious issue going on and he asked me and Shruti to come. Shruti had applied for leave already. I told him that. He told that he at least needed me there. I decided to go to office. I had some reservations about Shruti’s safety. But I knew I won’t be able to do anything even if I was there. She got promise from me that I won’t stop her from doing anything for the next 4 days. Initially I was afraid of Pandian. But later it hit me that he has been my colleague for a long time and he is not a criminal. Maybe I was really overreacting. As I was contemplating, Pandian called me and asked me to carry on. I looked at Shruti. She told me that I don’t have to worry about her. I left our home to office.. But my heart was there. I didn’t know what happened there during day time.

Things were pretty hectic at the office. I called Shruti around lunch to check if everything was fine. She sounded so happy and told that Pandian was dealing with her softly. She told that he was not so rough with her anymore and things were getting so romantic. So I didn’t care to call her after that. I was about to start home in the evening around 6 PM. It was raining heavily outside. I called Shruti before starting. But her phone was switched off. I called Pandian. But he was not picking up the phone call. I went home in a taxi to find the house locked and car parking empty. Anyway, I had another key to our house. I opened and let myself in. I just saw a towel in the floor and some open food parcels on the dining table. I tried calling them again. But the result was same. Shruti’s phone was switched off. Pandian did not pick up the call

I went into the bedroom and fell on the bed. Just then I saw a letter on the headboard. It was written by Shruti. She had written “Going on a voyeuristic trip with Pandian. Don’t worry about me. Hopefully I will come back impregnated. With love, Shruti”

I didn’t know what to feel about that. Though I was happy that she had told that she was with Pandian, I felt a weird sort of fear. She mentioned that she was going on a voyeuristic trip. The last time she went on such a trip, I was with her to control her. Now she has gone out with Pandian. He could be ruthless at times. There was a high chance that he did something stupid. I didn’t even know where to search for them. The only thing I could do was to wait for them to call me. I don’t know when I dozed off. I was woken up at around 8 PM by a phone call. It was Pandian. He was video calling me. I couldn’t understand the reason behind a video call. Anyway I attended the call and asked “Where the hell are you guys?”

But he didn’t respond. He was smiling at the camera and pointed it somewhere. It looked like a local gym. Not the usual high class air conditioned gym. But a local gym with old rusty instruments and dirty building. My heart skipped a beat seeing Shruti tied nude. to a bench. It was the bench used by body builders to lift weight for chest press. Shruti was tied in a way that she cant even move an inch. She was lying on the bench face down. Both her legs were on either side of the bench. Same with her hands too. Her hands were stretched to the fullest possible extent and tied to another machine in her front. Her head was literally pasted to the bench. A rope ran around her neck and the bench to hold her there tightly. Another rope ran around her hips to hold her even more tightly to the bench. They essentially made her upper body totally immobile. Shruti was shouting something which I couldn’t here. She was just waving her legs around like she was riding a bicycle.

The bench was long enough to cover only from her head to&nbsp; crotch. Her ass was at the edge of the bench. Pandian was zooming her body inch by inch and showing it to me. Then he took two steps back and zoomed out. I was shocked to see 4 men standing nude around her. All of them were body builders. I saw one guy holding a bottle of alcohol with him. The others were also drunk. They all had around 7 inch size dicks They seemed to be Pandian’s friends at the gym. But one of them didn’t really look like a proper body builder. Also, he looked so familiar. It took me around half a minute to realize who it was. It was none other than RAM - HER EX-BOYFRIEND. The guy who fucked Shruti and started things for me. Pandian looked at the camera and told “Come here soon, bro. Everyone wants to fuck your wife. All these guys are local slum guys except Ram. They have never tasted any brahmin women before. They all want to taste every inch of your wife”

Chapter 33

I didn’t know what happened that day. Shruti narrated it to me after a couple of days. I will write down her narration first for the sake of continuity. Here is the events which happened that day, in Shruti’s own words

Shruti’s narration ————————————

The previous night was a horror show for me. Yes I wanted it. But the pain I had to endured cannot be explained in words. I felt a bit more comfortable taking his dick in the morning. But he compensated for that with all the slaps he gave on my cheeks. I still had to come up with some plan to get impregnated by him. After Dilip left, we both slept for another half an hour. Pandian woke up and went to the bathroom. After sometime, he peeped out of the bathroom and called me in “You wanted me to kiss you right? Then come in” It was a pleasant surprise for me. I jumped out of the bed and went in. 

Pandian was brushing his teeth. His mouth was filled with toothpaste. He smiled at me. I found out what he had in mind. Before I could run away, he held my hips tightly and pulled me towards him. It was disgusting to see his face closely with all the toothpaste in his mouth. I tried to keep my face away from his face. But he held me tightly with one hand and used the other hand to choke me. I opened my mouth because of that. He used that moment to place his lip on my mouth. After sometime, he used the other hand to finger my pussy. That was a master move. I began co-operating with him. The kiss we had was hotter than all the hollywood kisses put together. His head was above mine. He was carefully spitting all the toothpaste and saliva in his mouth into my mouth. Even worse, I was putting my tongue inside his mouth and sucking them in. Some toothpaste was leaking out of my mouth till my neck. He then caught hold of my neck and pushed my head into the wash basin. He opened the pipe. Water fell directly on my face. With the other hand he collected some water, sucked them with his mouth and spit on my face. He did it multiple times till his mouth was clean.

Only then I realized that Pandian used my toothbrush to brush his teeth. He gave it to me and asked me to brush while he was using the toilet. It was a funny feeling to brush the teeth in the bathroom while another guy was using the toilet. After he used the toilet, I used it. He just stood next to me while I was using the toilet. I felt so uncomfortable. Once we both were done. He opened the shower. I was still wearing the bangles and anklets because their sound gave me some weird feeling or surrendering to him.
 
I walked near him. He kept both hands around me. I felt his rough palms touching my ass cheeks. He then put his arms around my hips and lifted me. I was like a toy for him. No one had ever lifted me with such an ease. This black hunk was just what I needed for so many years. I put my arms around his neck without second thought. My legs were in the air on either side of his arms. We had a big mirror in our bathroom. What I saw in that mirror would be etched in my mind for ever. His back was facing towards the mirror. I was able to see what kind of a beast he was. His upper body looked like a trunk of a huge tree. The strong muscles around his spine looked enormous. He had the perfect V shaped upper body. He had muscles on his shoulders raising like wings of a monster. His lower body was no less a wonder. His ass, thighs and calves were all so muscular and as hard as stone. I saw my face planted on his shoulders, watching the mirror. My white soft hands around his rough black muscles. My fleshy smooth shiny legs which I have always taken care of really well, were stretched straight in the air towards the mirror on both sides of his arms.

Pandian held me in air with one hand and used the other hand to place his dick on my vagina. I was amazed by his strength to lift me with just one hand. I looked into the mirror as he lifted me up and down his dick. It didn’t go as deep as last night. But he was happy with around 7 or 8 inches of his cock going in. He didn’t even have breakfast. But he pushed me up and down his dick without getting tired. I felt like I was caught in a fucking machine. That was one he used one hand to open the shower and the cold water fell on our bodies. Initially it hit my head. Then I bent my head backward so that the water falls straight on my boobs. He used the moment to take my nipples in his mouth and bite hardly. He never understood what soft sex meant? Did he?

I have never seen anyone handle my boobs so roughly. Though it was painful, I loved it. I don’t know if I would have let anyone else treat me like that. I straightened and looked at the mirror again. We didn’t look like two different people. I looked like a part of his body just having different color. I tried to hug him tightly. I thought this was my best chance to make him cum inside. But just when I thought about that, he let me down and made me face the wall. The shower water fell on my back and flourished down to my ass. He took a step back and told “Aaaaahhhh. Brahmin bitch. Your beauty if multiplied when your body is wet”

Me - Aaaaahhh.. Stop making these racist remarks

Pandian - Come on. You know that this kind of body is a speciality of brahmin women. 

He didn’t even wait for me to reply. He put his dick into my asshole. With all the water flowing there, it was a bit easier than last night. The previous night was a nightmare for me. I almost felt that my asshole was torn apart when he pushed 8 inches of his humongous cock inside. If he had tried harder, his dick would have entered my stomach and tasted the dinner I had. I didn’t know where I derived the power to withstand that onslaught. Now it was painful. But not as painful as the previous night. That was all I needed to enjoy the moment. He took 5 minutes to cum in my asshole. His cum was the medicine to my anal pain. It gave me an amazing feeling. After that we had a five minute proper bath. He made me soap all around his body.

In the end he hugged me in the shower and whispered in my ears “Enough using your hands, bitch. I want you to use your tongue in some special places” I understood what he meant and kneeled before him like a king’s slave and took his dick in my mouth and started sucking. He commanded “Pervert slut. I asked you to clean it with your tongue. Not to suck it.”

I smiled and licked his dick and his balls. I was about to get up when he turned to the other side and showed his ass to me. Though I guessed what he was asking me to do, I really wanted it to be a wrong guess. I have made Dilip lick my ass many times. But I have never done this to other people. I did love the shape of his ass. Who said that boys only can have all fun? Women can also love men’s ass. But to lick it was a whole different thing. I resisted while he was trying to push his ass on my face. He turned to me and pinched both my nipples. I was beating his hands. But he held my nipples hard. They became red because of the pinching. I screamed at him “Please stop this. i will lick your ass”

Pandian - That’s my bitch. Haven’t you learned a single lesson from last night?

He turned to the other side. I stretched his ass cheeks to see a lot of hair coming out of it. It did stink a bit. I put my face near his ass crack. The stink almost made me faint. I kept his asscheeks open to let the shower water flow through his ass crack and clean it a bit. It did work well. Then I put my tongue out. I held my breathe to avoid puking. I kept my tongue at the bottom of his ass-crack. I slowly moved up his asshole. He shivered like a woman having orgasm. He shouted “Aaaaah.. A high class brahmin woman licking a slum guy’s asshole. Is there anything more humiliating than this, Shruti? We should show this video to your parents. Aaaaaahhhh. That is so nice”

I kept my tongue over his asshole and tried to move up. But he held my hair and pushed me in meaning he wanted me to put my tongue in his asshole. Now I understood the kind of service my sweet husband Dilip did for me. I held my breathe and put my tongue inside just for around 1 inch and took it out. He giggled and let me get up. He left me alone in the shower and went out of the room. I showered for 5 more minutes and went outside in towel. I went to take some dress But he told me not to wear anything. I didn’t mind it at all. 

Both of us were so hungry. Pandian called a hotel and ordered breakfast for both of us. We were in the bedroom. He was wearing boxers and I was nude. I removed the bangles and anklets as I was feeling them heavy. I was now with only my mangalsutra on my body. He was contemplating something for a long time and suddenly called me out

Pandian - Shruti

Me - Yes

Pandian - I went overboard last night. Didn’t I?

Me - Ha ha. What happened to you? I thought you are not the kind of guy who feels bad for these kind of things

Pandian - No. I am a rough guy. Fine. I think the way I did your vagina was fine. But the way I handled your asshole was very wrong. I should not have done it so hard without your acceptance

Me - So you do understand other people’s feelings

Pandian - Normally I don’t but. I still hear your screams from last night. When I think about it, I feel bad about myself. Sorry for that. You have to consult a doctor

Me - I just feel a little bit of pain inside my asshole. If it continued for long, I will go to a doctor. I don’t think there is anything serious

Pandian - Nice to hear, dear

Me - Aaaah.. Romantic words from you.

Pandian - You don’t want that?

Me - For some reason, it is quite funny when you talk like that. Romance and affection are just not your thing

Pandian - Ok bitch. Shut the fuck up. Is that fine?

Me(giggling) - Aaahh.. That is like Pandian

He hugged me and kissed my lips. I knew he fell for me. That was a real romantic kiss. The longest kiss I have ever had. Did I just successfully make him fall in love with me? He was pressing my boobs while kissing. But it was still a kiss. It went on and on until it was broken by the sound of our bell ringing. 

Chapter 34

I looked through the window. It was the breakfast delivery guy. I was about to wear some dress. But Pandian asked me to stay on the bed. He told he will collect it. He went out wearing his boxers. 

I heard Pandian talking with the delivery guy. But his voice was not clear. I was tired and I lied on the bed face down with closed eyes. I heard Pandian’s voice from a closer distance. He asked me if I had 7 rupees change. I turned one side to find the delivery guy standing near the door of the bedroom seeing me without blinking his eyes. He had seen my backside completely before I turned. Now I had lifted my upper body to answer Pandian and he was seeing my boobs also. The guy was round 30 years old. Pandian was controlling his laughter. I rushed for the bedsheet and covered myself. I asked him to take the change from my purse. Pandian gave the money to him and the delivery guy left. Pandian locked the door and told me “That guy will be shagging outside the gate now” I shouted at him “You idiot” and ran towards him to beat him. He just hugged me, lifted me and fucked me in his favorite stand and carry position before we had breakfast. 


After breakfast, we had another sex session. His ability get horny soon after ejaculation impressed me. He got more and more romantic with me. But he made it a point that he always used condoms. I couldn’t convince him out of it. He fucked me in our kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room. Dilip called me once to ask if everything was ok. He was happy to hear that Pandian was being kind to me. It was 12 PM by then. It was time to order lunch.

Me - Don’t do anything stupid like morning

Pandian - Come on. I know you enjoyed it

Me - Yes I did. But still it was risky. What if he tried for something?

Pandian - Come on. Do you think I am a pussy like your husband? Do you think he had the power to overcome me and fuck you?

Me - Ok. You are definitely strong and no one could beat you up and fuck me. But don’t talk bad about my husband

Pandian - Come on. You can’t deny that he is a pussy

Me - He is not. Psychology, he is a submissive guy. But if he wanted, he could always be like other men and command everyone. But he loves me so much. I like him this way. That is the reason why he is still behaving like that

Pandian - Your love story is the most complicated story I have ever heard

Me - Yes it is. We fell in love in unorthodox circumstances

Pandian - Yeah. I know everything

Me - No. You don’t

Me - Ha ha. I know a lot than you think I know

Me - Can you tell what you know? There is no way you could have known everything

Pandian - Ok. Let it be the same way as it is. I don’t know anything. Now don’t waste anytime. We will order food. I will allow you to wear towel this time

Me - That is better

Pandian - On one condition

Me - What is that?

Pandian - You should only open the door and get the parcel

Me - Are you out of your mind?

Pandian - Come on. This is normal. These delivery guys would have seen many women in towel. You will love it.

Me - Mmmmmm

Pandian - What? You wanna do it

Me - I will give it a try. Anyway you are there for me

Pandian - That is more like my bitch

As we planned, the delivery guy came in around 12 30 PM. I was wearing a towel tied around my breasts. Pandian forced me to show lot of&nbsp; cleavage. I tied the towel just over my nipples with my mangalsutra placed between my boobs. The towel extended just below my ass showing a major part of my thighs and my full legs. Pandian moved around me and admired me. He gave a smack on my back and asked me to open the door. He went into the bedroom. 

I opened the door and the delivery guy stood with his jaw dropped. I asked him how much I had to pay him. He didn’t reply because he didn’t hear a single word which I spoke. He was a young guy around 20 years age. I got the parcel and went to the kitchen. I took the money and I was about to give it to him. Out of nowhere, Pandian pounced on me. He was nude this time. He pulled down my towel, pushed me to the sofa and started fucking me.. I wanted to stop him. But I was too horny. Still I managed to shout out the words “The delivery guy is still here”

He looked back and told “Oh. i am extremely sorry dear. I didn’t know he came. I was in the bathroom” Pandian went back to the bedroom. I rushed to the towel and wore it. I knew Pandian was acting. I took the money, gave it to the delivery guy and locked the door immediately. I went to the bedroom and jumped over Pandian. I punched his chest multiple times

Me - You naughty idiot. What were you thinking?

Pandian - Come on. It was awesome. Wasn’t it?

Me - What if he tells people?

Pandian - No problem. He would have thought I was your husband. So, no one will come here and trouble you. Don’t worry

Me - I hope so

Pandian (looking at my eyes) - All of a sudden, you look so beautiful in my eyes

Me - I am always beautiful. You just didn’t notice

Pandian - Come on. I am serious. I am falling in love with you

Me - Oh. Now you want to marry me?

Pandian - If you were not married me before, I would have

Me - Who told you I would accept you as husband?

Pandian - You wanted my child

Me - That is different. I wanted a open-minded caring husband. Not a brute like you. So, the answer for marriage is no. But the answer for kid is yes

Pandian - For me, the answer for marriage is yes. But the answer for kid is no

Me - You are a stubborn bastard, That is why I said no to marrying you

Pandian - Ha ha. Ok. You want a kid. I can’t give it. But tell me something else that you want. What is that you love more, that I can give? I will give it for you

Me - What can I say if you ask such question all of a sudden? All I want from you is sex. Nothing else

Pandian - Wow. For a moment, you made me feel like a prostitute

Me - Ha ha ha.. You are.

Pandian - Ok. Is there some special kind of sex you wanted to try? 

Me - I can’t come up with such things suddenly. Right now, I like it when you lift me up like a doll and fuck me. Other than that I cannot guess any

Pandian - You like voyeurism right?

Me - Yes I do. But how do you know?

Pandian - I know about everything you did with Bharath and his friends

Me - What? That idiot told you that? I told him not to tell anyone

Pandian - Ha ha. He tells me everything. I know every position you were fucked in the falls. Even if I hadn’t know that, last Friday at the forest would have enlightened me of the fact

Me - Why? What was so different there?

Pandian - What was different? You were different. You looked like a completely different person. You looked like you were possessed by some sex ghost

Me - Ha ha. Yes I love voyeurism. So what are you going to do?

Pandian - Then get up. We are going somewhere. 

I got up and opened the shelf. Pandian hugged me from behind “What are you doing dear? You should not wear a single piece of cloth till I catch the flight to Europe. Remember?”

Me -B ut you told we are going out

Pandian - Yes. But you are a voyeuristic woman. These things should not matter for you. Got it?

Me - Ok. But still I can have one dress to use in case of emergency

Pandian - Having a dress for safety will rob us off the thrill. The fear that you don’t have any dress to fall back to is what makes voyeurism even more erotic

Me - Yes. But Dilip won’t like it

Pandian - Don’t care about him. You have surrendered to me. Just trust me. Leave your mobile here.

Chapter 35

I went into the bathroom to freshen up. After that Pandian went inside. I had my lunch fast. Pandian came out and started having lunch. He reminded me to take the bag of condoms. I looked at him with mock anger and told “I thought you will forget that” for which he replied “If I forget that, your ass will be ripped open today. You can count me on that” I took the bag of condoms and also packed some snacks for us to eat.

He wore a shirt and jean.&nbsp; He went outside with our car keys. He started the car in our verandah and called me out. I locked the house door, looked around if anyone was watching and ran to the car. I ran to the backdoor. I thought the back seat would be easier to hide. But Pandian had that door locked. He waved at me from inside the car to sit in the front seat. I jumped to the front seat, closed the door and told him “This is way too risky. What if someone sees me?”

Pandian - Yes they will see you. But no one will have the guts to actually do anything

Shruti - How can you assume that? What if the police see me like this?

Pandian - I will go through a road without police. Ok? And don’t worry, we will be in the main road only for a couple of minutes. You can hide in front of the seat at that time

Shruti - This is all too crazy. But for some reason, I am unable to say no. I trust you. Don’t disappoint me. 

Pandian - Trust me dear

He started the car, came out of our house, went back to close the gates and came back to the car. Though I had travelled nude in a car, this time was different. Last time, I had Dilip by my side. With him, I knew that he will save me from any danger. I knew I can always trust him. I knew I can do anything I want ,with him around. I also had a dress which I could have worn the previous time. But now I didn’t have any lifeline. And last time, my dresses were removed only after we crossed city limits. This time, I had to be nude in the city in the traffic. But Pandian was right. All these things made it more erotic.

He drove as fast as possible. He tried to stay away from main roads. But still, so many people managed to see me. We were stuck in a minor jam in one of the street roads. A motorcycle was standing to our left. The person on it saw me and took out his mobile to take pics. I just closed my face with my hands. Pandian laughed and told “You are so slutty. I gave you the idea of hiding in front of the seat. But still you want to show off your body to people”

He was right in a way. Somehow my mind didn’t tell me to hide myself. But now I felt that it was too dangerous to sit on the seat like there. As soon as the jam cleared, I moved down the seat. I didn’t sit up for a long time. Pandian asked me multiple times. But I sat on the mat of the car and didn’t move. After sometime, he told that it was safe for me to come up. I sat up on the seat and saw that we were at the foothills of a very small mountain and it was at the outskirts of Chennai. There was a highway visible from where we were. But it was a bit too far. It was 4 PM when we reached there. But it was already dark. Lots of clouds formed above us. I heard some thunder too. Pandian drove the car a little bit uphill. But after that there was no road. It was just a walking trail. We were at the bottom of a very small mountain. 

As he stopped the car, it started to drizzle. Pandian took the bag, placed it over his left shoulders, opened the door and came out to my side of the car. I stayed at my seat. He opened the door and extended his arms. I refused and stayed inside. Though deep inside, I wanted to go out and I knew he will take me out anyway. He did as I expected. He bent inside the car. Put both his hands under my armpits, dragged me up and lifted me on to his shoulders. I was sitting on his shoulders behind his neck with my legs on either of his shoulders. He kissed both my legs which were hanging at both sides of his face. The rain drops fell on me. There was a moderate drizzle. A fresh cold wind was blowing which blew my hair in one direction. It was so hot, erotic and romantic. He held me like that on his shoulders and walked up the trail. We reached the top within 5 minutes. Pandian was a little bit tired. After we reached the top, He pulled me to the front. I was still on his shoulders, but I was sitting facing his direction with my crotch on his face. He started licking me so hard. I looked around to find a large landscape visible from the top with all cars going around the highway. But no one would have been able to see us. It was such a beautiful place to have sex.

Me - Aaaahhh. This is so hot. This is the hottest sex I have ever had

Pandian - Yes dear. You told you like it when I lift you and carry you. I will carry you throughout our sex session today

Me - Thanks dear. All the things I did to get you are worth enough. I got more than what I wanted. Mmmmmmm

By that time, it started to rain heavily. Water was falling on me faster than the water from shower bath. I have no words to explain the feeling I had. After 5 minutes in that position, he put me down and undressed. We were both totally drenched. He also became nude. He lifted me again, but this time in an upside down position. I knew this position. It was standing 69. I was upside down with my face in front of his dick. His face was between my legs. He was licking my pussy while I took his cock inside my mouth. Meanwhile, the rain water was pouring fast from my pussy down to my face. Lot of water from his dick went inside my mouth. I didn’t mind anything. Pandian held me tightly in that position and started to and fro motion. His cock hit the back of my throat and came out. After fucking my mouth in that position. He lifted me to his hip height holding my arm pits. He stretched his hands forwards. Now I was hanging flat horizontal to the ground with my legs around his hips. He was holding my armpits and looked at me from my face to the knees and admired it. It was so dark. But there was lightning all around. He saw my body glowing in the rain once every minute. He just held me in the position admiring my body. He told “Wow.. Your body is an architectural wonder. I want to stay here with you and fuck you forever“

Me - Aaaahhh.. I want to be a slave to you forever

He dropped me on the ground abruptly and went to take the bag of condoms. He asked me to put two condoms on his dick. Once done, he lifted me up. I pinned my body to him by putting my legs around his hips and hands around his neck. I hugged him so tightly. The hotness of the situation was too much for me to handle. I was going mad and didn’t know what to do. I was nervous about the way, things were going to happen. Something was going to happen and Pandian didn’t know it. He put his dick in my pussy and told me “Isn’t this your favorite position?”

Me - Yes dear. This is my favorite position and you are my favorite fucker

Pandian - Wow.. That is the best compliment I have ever received

Telling that he lifted me up and down madly for sometime. But the speed was not enough for him. He put his hands on my ass and tilted me a little bit so that my legs were now over his shoulders and hands around his neck. Now he didn’t have to lift me up and down. He just had to push my ass front and back. It was easier for him and he was able to fuck me faster. My pussy was dripping wet from my juices and the rain water. I heard sound of frogs and other insects around. He fucked me 8 inches deep. I felt it. I kissed him while he was fucking me. He started getting slower. I told him “Come on. Put me down and fuck me as fast as possible”

He threw me on the muddy ground and mounted me. I put my legs around his hips and locked him. He fucked me so hard. This time my pussy was so wet with juices and I was so horny that I moved towards him while he pumped me. He reached the 10 inch mark that he reached the previous night. I told him “Come on. Give it all. I want your entire dick inside. That one inch disturbs me. I want your balls to strike my ass while you are fucking my pussy”

This made him even more mad. He fucked me like an animal for sometime, paused for a moment and gave it his all. Another half an inch went inside. I screamed in pain. But the scream vanished in the sound of the thunder. I told “Come on. You are the man. You can do it. Just a little bit more“

I already felt like he crossed my cervix. He paused for 2 minutes, took lot of breath and gave one ultimate push. I quivered in pain. But that was when I felt his balls hit my ass. That was the moment. I looked at him with my eyes wide open. He told “You are the first woman to take it completely. You are really the queen of my dick. I love you”

Me - Show me how much you love me. Fuck me fast

He pumped me hard and fast. He made sure that his dick is completely in for every push. It stopped before going in completely sometimes. But he pushed it again till it entered completely. He did it for 2 minutes when he looked at the sky and screamed. His dick was completely in. I locked my legs around his hips tightly. I hugged him tightly and made sure he couldn’t take his dick out. I had my reasons for that. I felt his dick shivering inside my body. He was lost in a different world. I felt his cum. Yes I felt his cum entering my body. I felt like someone put a water pipe inside my vagina and opened it. I felt liters of his sperm hit my tissues inside my body. It took him a long time to realize it. I felt like a complete woman that evening. His face changed from ecstatic to shocked. He looked at me with a horror in his face. He took his dick out. Both the condoms had their top opened like canned drinks. The condoms were circularly cut around the front. But not completely removed. 

Remember he asked me to take the bag of condoms and went to have lunch when we were at our home? I used the time to do something. I took a pin and the condom box which he opened last. I took all the condoms from that box. I pierced holes very close by by the pin. I pierced hole to form a circle around the surface of the condoms. I just made sure that I didn’t complete the circle. I was afraid that the top of condoms may go inside my pussy and get locked. I didn’t want the top of condoms to tear off completely. I was afraid it might lead to more complications. That worked. The condoms tore off but the top of the condoms did not get detached completely. It was still sticking to the condoms. But the part whichever was torn was good enough to make sure all the cum leaked out. His huge dick and ability to cum so much worked in my favor. Now I had to wait and see his reaction.

Pandian looked at me with rage and slapped me so hard. He sat by my side and was thinking hard while staring angrily at me. He stood up and wore his dresses. He then lifted me on his shoulders like a sack of rice. He walked down the hill. I told him “I am sorry. I don’t know how the condoms broke” He replied “Shut up bitch. If a condom breaks, it tears in some random direction. It won’t tear up circularly. Don’t think I am a stupid. You are going to pay for this”

Me - Please leave me

Pandian - Just because I was affectionate with you, you took advantage of that. This is why I am never affectionate with women

Me - Please. Let me explain

Pandian - Shut up bitch. I don’t want to hear another word from you

He opened the trunk of the car this time and threw me in. I heard the car start. I didn’t know where it was going. I didn’t know what plans he had for me

Shruti’s narration ends ————————————


Chapter 36

Now, back to what happened that night from my perspective.

Dilip’s narration —————————

Pandian was smiling at the camera and pointed it somewhere. It looked like a local gym. Not the usual high class air conditioned gym. But a local gym with old rusty instruments and dirty building. My heart skipped a beat seeing Shruti tied nude to a bench. It was the bench used by body builders to lift weight for chest press. Shruti was tied in a way that she cant even move an inch. She was lying on the bench face down. Both her legs were on either side of the bench. Same with her hands too. Her hands were stretched to the fullest possible extent and tied to another machine in her front. Her head was literally pasted to the bench. A rope ran around her neck and the bench to hold her there tightly. Another rope ran around her hips to hold her even more tightly to the bench. They essentially made her upper body totally immobile. Shruti was shouting something which I couldn’t here. She was just waving her legs around like she was riding a bicycle.

The bench was long enough to cover only from her head to&nbsp; crotch. Her ass was at the edge of the bench. Pandian was zooming her body inch by inch and showing it to me. Then he took two steps back and zoomed out. I was shocked to see 4 men standing nude around her. All of them were body builders. I saw one guy holding a bottle of alcohol with him. The others were also drunk. They all had around 7 inch size dicks They seemed to be Pandian’s friends at the gym. But one of them didn’t really look like a proper body builder. Also, he looked so familiar. It took me around half a minute to realize who it was. It was none other than RAM - her ex boyfriend. The guy who fucked Shruti and started things for me. Pandian looked at the camera and told “Come here soon, bro. Everyone wants to fuck your wife. All these guys are local slum guys except Ram. They all have never tasted any brahmin woman before. They all want to taste every inch of your wife”

I shouted at the phone “What the hell is Ram doing there?”

Pandian - Oh. He is a friend of my gym-mate who is standing next to him. Remember I told you that Shruti had fucked some guys in her college?

Me - Yes

Pandian - All such news about Shruti came to me through my gym mate only. Ram is his close friend

Me - Now, what do you want me to do?

Pandian - Just take a taxi and come to the XXXX gym in XXXX area. We are waiting for you

I rushed outside and searched for a cab. As it was raining heavily, it was difficult to find a cab. But eventually, I got one and boarded it. Pandian called me again through video call. I attended and kept it in ears as I didn’t want the driver to hear anything. He told me “It will take around 1 hour for you to reach here. We want to have fun. So keep talking to me. I am pretty sure you have lots of questions for me”

Me - Why are you doing this to her? I thought you people were having fun in the afternoon

Pandian - Don’t blame me. It was all because of your bitch wife

Me - What did she do?

Pandian - I tried my best to be affectionate with her and I took her to the most exotic location to have sex. But she gifted me with betrayal. 

Me - She wouldn’t have done anything

Pandian - What? You know what she did? She pierced holes on the condoms I had, to make sure that it tears off while I fuck her and eventually get impregnated by me

Me - Don’t be an idiot. The condoms would have torn of by itself

Pandian - If a condom tears by itself, it would tear in some random direction. But your stupid wife has pierced holes in a circular shape and the tear in the condom was perfectly circular. Above all, she has accepted that she did it. Who are you to say otherwise?

(I stayed silent for a while)

Me - Ok. What are you planning to do now?

Pandian - My plan is simple. Make these 4 guys fuck her pussy hard and cum inside her pussy repeatedly. It will take around a month for her to actually become pregnant. Any of these guys could be a father then. The probability that I am the father of the kid will be much lower. That is why I took her here. Luckily the gym is closed as some repair work is going on. If not, there would be some 20 local slum guys here. They are all beasts and would have pounced on your wife once they see the beautiful brahmin flesh. 

Me - What is Ram doing there? I thought he was in US

Pandian - Yes he was in US. Your good time, he came here for a small vacation. And yes, before you ask the next question, I know everything about what happened between you and Shruti before your marriage. Ram has told everything to my friend here and he told me. You should be thankful to me for not telling anything in the office. Even today morning, I dropped a small hint to Shruti that I knew everything about your relationship. But your sweet wife was so much focussed on my dick that she didn’t care to ask anything else.

Me - Ok. Whatever it is, I promise you that, she will take anti pregnancy pills. Please stop this

Pandian - Yes that is what Shruti is also saying. But all my friends are already too excited about this. I cannot disappoint them. It will take another half an hour for you to come here. Looks like these guys cannot wait. Just give the parting words to your wife. She may not be able to talk for another month after the grand fuck-festival she gets tonight.

He took his phone to Shruti whose head was tied tightly to the bench. She looked at me on the video and told “Dilip. I am sorry Dilip. I should not have left our house without asking you”

Me - Just stay strong dear. I will be there soon

Pandian - Only 20 seconds remaining. Tell something worthwhile

Shruti - Top gun. Top gun. Top gun…

Those were here safe words. It means she was truly afraid and didn’t want to do it at that time. I had to do everything possible to save her. He then went back and shouted “Let the fucking begin. Remember… You can fuck her anywhere you want. But every drop of your cum has to go into her pussy”

Ram told that he had tasted her before and he would leave way for the others. He came to the phone and told “Long time no see, bro. I was getting updates from Pandian about the things which have been happening to your wife all these days. I badly wanted to fuck her when I came to India. But didn’t want to get back into your life. But when Pandian called my friend today, he was sitting right next to me and I felt that it was fate. Fate has arranged for another session for me with her.” I was about to disconnect the call when he told “Don’t try to disconnect the call. We would then beat your wife and injure her. ” I begged him to stop this. He replied “What happened to you? I thought you love to watch your brahmin wife getting fucked by such local guys. I even saw the video of Shruti being fucked by some old men. And if I remember correctly, you got horny seeing that and even ejaculated”

Me - That was because Shruti liked it. But she doesn’t like it now. 

Ram - You know that I know the trick to make her like it and submit to us. But that is not fun. I want to use her against her will

Me - Please Ram. She has been your lover. Don’t do it to her. Stop your friends

Ram - Come on. Your wife wants a baby. We are giving it to her. What is the problem with that? She should be thankful to us for this

Me - No.. I will be there in 15 minutes. I won’t let this happen. 

Ram - Now stop shouting and see there. The action is about to begin

The three other guys kneeled around her. They kissed all the parts of her body which they had access to. Then I suddenly started hearing screams. The kisses have become bites. They were biting her all around her body like dogs. Shruti’s legs were alone shaking. The rest of her body looked still. One of the guys told “I just want to bite her and eat her piece by piece. What a body man?”

Guy 2 - Yes man. I have seen iyer women only from far. That itself will give me erection. I never knew their body would be multiple times hotter than their face. I would fuck her for years

Guy 3 - Yes man. See how well she has maintained her body. Not a single hair in it. Very smooth. All the women in our locality are totally opposite to her. Black, hairy with lots of scratches on their body

Guy 1 - Don’t even think about them. Thanks to Pandian, we get to taste a pure brahmin woman. Let us not waste any time

They all stopped biting her and stood up. The first guy now stood behind Shruti. He gave a couple of smacks on Shruti’s ass and laughed at the way her ass vibrated. He held her ankles and lifted them. He asked the other 2 guys to hold each leg. The guys held each leg up and lifted them as high as possible. Shruti was feeling uncomfortable because she was lying on her stomach and these guys were lifting her legs upwards. Her body was being bent in a weird angle. Her hips were tied to the table. Shruti was screaming as they lifted the legs higher and higher. They were not able to lift it much higher. The first guy got between her legs and started fucking her pussy. Fucking is not the right word. Ramming is the right word. He was so fast. If Shruti had not stretched her pussy with Pandian’s cock, she would have been in tremendous amount of pain now. Pandian’s non-stop fucking had made her pussy capable of taking such dicks. After ramming her for around 10 minutes he came in her pussy. Shruti was moving her legs up and down, trying to push them away. She didn’t want the cum inside her. But she was in no position to stop him. Pandian had commanded them to make sure that every drop stays in her pussy.

The guy who was fucking her stood motionless for around 30 seconds while Shruti’s legs were dancing in the hold of the other 2 guys. He made sure he deposited the cum completely in her pussy. As they let her down, the cum started dripping down her thighs. Pandian shouted at him “Idiots. Why are you guys leaving her like that? I told you that all the cum must stay inside”

Guy 1 - Sorry dude. It is hard to lock the cum inside her pussy in this position. We have to make her lie on her back and lift her ass up. Only then it will work

Pandian - Then stop talking and just do that

That was when I reached the place. I saw my car parked there near a luxury car. That must have been Ram’s. I disconnected the call, paid money for the taxi driver and went out. It was an isolated gym near the slums. The nearby surroundings looked like a dump yard. There was a mountain of waste dumped there. I found the gym door and knocked it. No one opened it. I kept banging at the door for around five minutes. No one opened the door. That was when, one of the windows opened. I went near it and looked inside. I was not able to see Shruti’s face. All I saw was a guy standing in front of some bench which was placed right beneath the window. It was clear that Shruti was tied to that bench because her legs were on that guy’s shoulders. She was not resisting like before. I knew that she had surrendered to her lust. 

I shouted through the window begging them to stop it. Pandian’s face suddenly appeared right in front of the window and he told “Nobody will stop before making sure that her child is their’s”

Me - Come on. She doesn’t deserve this

Pandian - Does not deserve? She betrayed me dude. She betrayed me. I actually fell in love with her today. But all I got back was betrayal. How dare she pierced holes in the condoms and tried to get pregnant?

Me - We are so sorry for that. Please forgive us

Pandian - Don’t beg too much. See your wife has started enjoying this as usual. She is already moaning. Just 2 minutes before we opened the window, she had a crazy orgasm

He was true. She was moaning. My heart sank. What was I supposed to do now? Oh.. Wait a minute. I heard some words in between. They were “Top Gun”.. Aaahhhh .. Top gun. Dilippp.. Aaahhh.. Mmmm.. Top gun..

She was horny. Yes. But she didn’t really want that to happen. I had to stop this at any cost. That was when this guy ejaculated and the third guy was positioning himself to fuck her. I thought for a moment and told.

Me - I promise you I will make her have pills. I will buy the pills and come here. She will eat right in front of you. Please leave her. 

Pandian - Oh really? Then be a good boy, go and buy the pills and come here. Be quick.. Till then, her pussy will be filled with as much cum as possible.

He threw my car keys on my face.

Me - Where is the nearest pharmacy where I can get the pills?

Ram came near the window and told “You are the husband. You are the one who wanted to save her. You find the pharmacy”

He closed the window. I used the maps in my mobile to find the nearest pharmacy. As it was a slum, there was no pharmacy nearby.&nbsp; I came out. Rain had stopped by that time. I had to travel for around 10 minutes by car to reach the pharmacy. I took my car and drove as fast as possible. I rushed to the shop and asked for the anti-pregnancy pills. I was panting hard as I was running out of breath. The pharmacist smiled at me and told “Looks like you got a beautiful friend and you are in so much hurry” I replied “Yes bro. Please give it fast” I paid the money, didn’t even wait to get the change. I rushed back to my car and drove fast to the gym. 

I reached the gym in 10 minutes to find Pandian outside the gym holding his stomach. As I parked the car, I saw him banging the gym door. I saw 2 more SUVs parked outside the gym. I was shell-shocked as I went to Pandian and asked what was happening. At that time, the first guy who fucked Shruti opened the window and shouted “Guys.. Look here. The husband of this bitch is here”

I rushed to the window to find Ram fucking Shruti and ejaculating his load into her pussy at that moment. But that didn’t bother me. What bothered me was the 12 ugly looking mean guys who were standing behind him in a semi-circle and watching that. They all had bottles of rum in their hands. They all gave a despising look at me. 

Me - What the hell are you doing Ram?

Ram - Social service

Me - What? Stop this now

Ram - Come on. These are the goons who work for my father. They are friendly with me. They always felt bad that they have never tasted a single brahmin woman. Who other than Shruti is the perfect embodiment of brahmin body? I just called them and asked them to come over. 

Me - Please don’t do this. Show some pity on her

Ram - Come on. Look at these guys. All through their lives they have been having sex with their ugly wives and prostitutes. It is not easy for them to get women like Shruti. You show some pity on them

Me - If you want to satisfy them, send your mother to them, you bastard

Ram - Don’t get too angry Dilip. Please understand. Brahmin women have the hottest body in our state. But the number of brahmin women is so less. It is unfair for them to sleep only with their husband. They must show the taste of their body to as many men as possible. Most other brahmin women are so conservative. It is hard to get a woman like Shruti. You should be proud of her. See how all the men are looking at her body. They might bite her and eat her like chicken. They have never seen such a body before.

Me - You told that you will never come into our life. Why did you come now?

Ram - That is fine. I was a good person all the while. But I just lost control once I saw your wife. All the things she told her friends about me came back to my mind. All the women who rejected me when I asked them for a date came to my mind. I wanted revenge again. Just let me do it once. I won’t come back in your life. If you try to do anything stupid, remember I still have the video. I can still blackmail you and use her again.

Me - Enough of this nonsense. If it was her will to do it, I would support anything she does. But you are doing it against her will

Ram - Against her? Are you kidding me? Now watch this

He untied Shruti. Held her hair and made her stand up. He pushed her face towards the window. Her face presented a shocking sight. She looked exhausted. From behind her, Ram asked Shruti “Shruti. Tell me. Do you want all these goons to fuck you?”

Shruti - Noooo..

Ram - Come on Shruti. Imagine this. All these guys fucking you throughout the night. They all have huge cocks. Not as big as Pandian. But still as big as my cock

Shruti - Noooo

Ram - Say yes bitch

He suddenly moved closer to her and put his hands behind her. It looked like he was finger fucking her pussy. Shruti closed her eyes and told “Nooooo”

Ram increased his intensity. Shruti was jumping up and down. She kept saying “Nooo”

Ram looked at the goons and commanded “One of you come down and lick her pussy guys”

All the goons fought among each other and kneeled beside her to lick her pussy. Shruti controlled herself for a long time before she eventually shouted “Yesss” That was all he wanted to hear. Ram asked them to stop licking. They all pounced on Shruti. It was literally a stampede out there. Shruti was trying to escape. But she was being pulled from all directions. Some guys held her hair and pulled her to kiss her. Some guys pulled her nipples. Some guys were lifting her legs. Some guys directly touched her pussy and pinched her pussy lips. Her pussy was leaking cum from the previous fucks. She was stretched apart like an elastic doll. These guys were so immature and uncivilized. I knew that Shruti was in a grave danger and I had to do something. I didn’t have much time. That was when Ram told them “Guys. We have her for the whole night. Let us use it properly.” One of the goons replied “What are you trying to say bro?” Ram replied “Let us increase the tempo first and then we will fuck her till she dies”

The guys had no clue what he was talking about. Then Ram continued “We will force her to drink the alcohol we have. Let us make her dance nude for some songs. If you want you guys can join her in the dance. Let us humiliate her as much as possible” They caught her and poured some rum into her mouth and made her drink. I didn’t want to watch them after that. I wanted to do something. I went to Pandian who was still lying on the floor and asked him what happened. He told “I am totally sorry bro. I didn’t know these guys are such beasts. About 5 minutes after you left, these guys suddenly came to the gym and talked with Ram. I had no idea that Ram had called them. I am so sorry Dilip. I didn’t mean this. I just wanted the 4 guys to enjoy her. I tried to stop them. But they beat me up and threw me outside. But the goons are dangerous. Even worse, they are all drunk. They won’t mind about Shruti’s safety. We need to do something”

Me - Yes. We need to do something. I know it is risky. But I think the only way to stop this would be to call the police

Pandian - That won’t work. 

Me - Why won’t it work?

Pandian - You have been to Ram’s resort. But you don’t even know about his parents? Hasn’t Shruti told you?

Me - Yes. I remember. His father is a politician. He holds some post in his area

Pandian - Yes. Police won’t even give a damn about this

That was when I got an idea. I went near his car and observed it. Then I went the cars of the goons. I saw so many weapons there.

Me - Ok. If we complain about this, then they won’t mind. What if we say that Ram is in danger? Won’t they come here immediately?

Pandian - Yes. But what is the use of them coming here? They are not going to save Shruti

Me - We should not stop with just telling this to police. We need to do something else

Pandian - What else?

Me - Inform the press reporters too. If they knew that there is something big happening here with a politician’s son, they would definitely come here soon to cover this. Ram would not be able to continue doing this. If he is caught in such an act, he will be in hell lot of problem. Above all, his father’s political aspirations will be gone for good. 

Pandian - That idea sounds fine. I have a friend in press. We can contact him. But, he has Shruti’s video. Won’t he blackmail you in the future?

Me - Ok. He has a video. He can blackmail us with that because, in that video, Shruti was coopereating with him and if he wants, he can edit it to hide his face alone. I will do something for that

I took my camera and hid myself at the side of the window, used my mobile to capture everything. Luckily, Shruti was so drowsy at that time. Ram and the other goons were forcing her to dance nude with them and groping her hardly. Shruti was definitely in some discomfort. It was painful for me to record this. But I had to. I made sure that Ram’s face was visible clearly. After recording it I rushed back to Pandian and told him “In this video, I can black out Shruti’s face. It is clear that she is being forced. I could use that video to blackmail him. We could easily prove this to be a rape”

Pandian - That is fine. But what are you going to do now to save her?

Me - Wait and watch

I went to the car of the goons. Among their weapons, I found cans filled with petrol. They use it normally to stage protests are create problems. I poured it over Ram’s car. I asked a match box from Pandian, lit fire on the car. His car burst into flames. I took a picture of that. I called police station immediately and told that someone was trying to attack a politician’s son. I gave details about his father. That was when Ram rushed out of the gym wearing shorts. He heard the noise. He was pissed off. He shouted “You idiot. That is the most stupidest thing you could do when your wife is with us in the room nude.”

That was when Pandian’s call got connected to a press. Ram and some goons ran outside with buckets of water trying to put off the fire. I took photos of that. I sent them to Pandian on Whatsapp. Pandian told his friend that a politician’s son was attacked by some enemies. He told he will even send pictures of the situation. He disconnected the call and sent the pictures. But still some goons were inside. Only two of them came out to help Ram. I rushed to the gym inside. They were just beginning to fuck her. Shruti was being lifted by a guy who had his pant down to his ankles and cock in her pussy. Another guy was positioning his dick near her asshole. The gym was stinking a lot. Shruti was so drowsy and drunk. She had no idea about what was happening. I didn’t know what to do. There were still around 10 guys there. They were groping and biting Shruti wherever possible. That was when Ram rushed in while talking on phone “Yes daddy. I am safe daddy. Don’t worry about me. I will call you back daddy”

He shouted at the goons “Guys. Leave her and come out of the gym. The press and police are coming here. We can get her later too”

Ram came near me and told “Don’t be happy about this. I won’t leave you people in peace”

Shruti was lying on the floor. I lifted her and took her to our car amidst all the chaos. Pandian took the driver seat. He drove fast. Shruti woke up after sometime. But she was still drowsy. I took the pills and made her eat the pills. Pandian looked at us and told “I am really sorry Dilip. It was all my fault”

Me - Just shut up Pandian. I don’t want to hear from you. I don’t even want to see your face in our life again

Pandian - Sorry. I was pissed off at that time and did that to take revenge on her. I thought I had everything in control. I didn’t know things will go haywire like this.

Me - Just because you are a body builder, it doesn’t make you a great man. You were not even able to protect her when she needed you. Your ruthlessness and stupidity almost got her killed. This is the real reason why women normally hate you and that in turn is the reason why you hate women. Shruti didn’t even hate you. She actually loved you. You didn’t have to love her back. But you could have at least been a little bit kind to her

He didn’t reply to that. We reached our house. I lifted Shruti and took her. Pandian followed me. I told him “What are you standing here for? She is my wife. I know to take care of her. Just because I let her with other men, it doesn’t mean I cannot take care of her. Just get lost. Go to Europe and never ever come into our life again”

I closed the door while he was still outside. I took Shruti to the bathroom, cleaned her up and put her on bed. She was blabbering something in her sleep which I was not able to make out. Then I took the video taken at the gym and edited it to hide Shruti’s face. I had the video ready so that Ram will not trouble us again. I finished everything and looked at Shruti who was sleeping calmly. There were bite marks at some places on her body. But she looked as beautiful as ever. I don’t remember when I fell asleep

Chapter 37

Friday morning. I woke up hearing my mobile phone ringing. It was Pandian who was calling. I disconnected the call twice. But still he kept calling. I switched off my phone. It was 9 AM in the morning. Shruti was still sleeping. I had asked for leave today before leaving office yesterday. But that was for different reason. Now the situation was totally different. I tried to wake up Shruti. But she was so drowsy from the drinks she was forced to drink the previous night. 

I took bath and ordered for breakfast. Some guy came and gave a very surprised look. He tried to get inside and see the bedroom. But I had locked it as Shruti was sleeping nude. I understood the reason behind it only after Shruti told what happened the previous day. I sent him away and had the breakfast. I went to the bed, lied next to her and hugged her tightly. 

I thought about the things which happened in the past months. There were so many close calls from which we narrowly escaped. We tried to control this multiple times. But we just were not able to control ourselves properly. We were not able to control our sexual urge. We took so many bad decisions because of that. Maybe now, we were in a right position to stop all this. If she somehow got pregnant, we could just leave this place forever and move to some other state and start a new life. Maybe what happened the previous night was a blessing in disguise. That night should have made Shruti aware of the dangers.

That was when the bell rang. I opened the door. I saw Pandian standing in front of the door.

Me - What do you want now? You have done enough already. Just get out of our lives. She sacrificed a lot to get you the opportunity in Europe. And this is how you pay her back?

Pandian - I am so sorry. I accept that it was stupid of me to do that. Please give me a chance to apologize to her

Me - What is the use of apologizing? Just get lost

Pandian - Please Dilip. Have you ever seen my stoop down in front of anyone? I am a changed man now. I really love Shruti. I wont do any harm to her anymore.

That was when I felt someone standing next to me. It was Shruti still standing nude

Pandian - Shruti. Good that I saw you. Please forgive me Shruti. I accept my mistake.

Shruti was still a bit drowsy. She was yawning and clearing her eyes

Shruti - I have forgiven you multiple times. What you did yesterday was just brutal. I couldn’t even imagine what would have happened if my husband didn’t come there. He is my protector. I should be faithful to him at least after this. I don’t want anything from anyone. He will be my world from now. 

Pandian - I will do anything for you Shruti. Punish me anyway you want. But forgive me after that

Shruti - Please. I am having severe headache. I don’t want to deal with it now

Pandian - Ok. I will tell one thing before I go. I am willing to impregnate you if you are OK with it. If you change your mind before I leave, let me know

Shruti - Don’t try to cheat me. I know you that I had a pill last night. You wont be able to impregnate me anyway

Pandian - Yes. But it will be effective only for 48 hours. Already around 12 hours gone. Today is Friday only. I am leaving Sunday night. Even if we try on Saturday night, we might turn out lucky

Shruti - Just leave us alone. We are not in a mood to think about these things. Do you think I will sleep with you after all the things you did? Now get out of here you bastard

Saying that Shruti just slapped him. That was a stunning move. Maybe the alcohol made her do it. She was not thinking properly. She then just shut the door and turned to me. I saw Pandian’s shadow leaving. I didn’t expect it from Shruti. I thought her sexual instincts will take over. I asked her to take bath and have breakfast. Deep inside, I was afraid that Pandian maybe so much pissed off and he might try to harm her.

I went to bedroom and switched on my phone. I received some messages from an unknown number. They were all video clips. Clips from the video which Ram recorded when he was fucking her for the first time. I sent him the clips of the video I edited yesterday. I sent the videos with a message - “Hi Ram. If you publish the video you have, I will publish the video I have. Both videos will have different effects. If you publish your video, people will isolate us. We will lose our families. But still we can survive and we can live our lives without any problem. In your case, it was a rape attempt. Your father’s political career will be finished and I will do everything possible to get you jailed. So, be careful about what you do.”

I didn’t get any reply from him after that. Shruti came out of the bathroom and went straight to have breakfast without speaking a word. I went near her after 5 minutes. I found her crying. She leaned on my chest. I consoled her and told that everything was alright and she didn’t have to worry

Shruti - Our lives are screwed because of me

Me - What are you so worried about?

Shruti - Ram will now try to blackmail us again with the video

Me - Don’t worry dear. It is all taken care of

Shruti - What? How did you do that?

I narrated everything I did to blackmail Ram. I also told what I did the previous night to save her from the car. Shruti’s tears dried up and smile returned to her face. She hugged me tightly and kissed me on my lips. Then she continued having breakfast. I asked her what exactly happened the previous day. She narrated what happened from when I left to when she was taken to the gym.

I wanted to cheer her up

Me - Wow. So you had one heck of a day from the morning to evening. If only the gym thing hadn’t happened, it would have been a perfect day for you

Shruti - Shut up. How could you crack jokes even now? Aren’t you worried?

Me - What is there to worry about? The Ram chapter is closed for good. You have taken the pills. Hopefully they work. Even if they didn’t work, we can always raise the kid. I don’t have any problem

Shruti - Yes. But for some reason, I am feeling insecure

Me - Ha ha. Maybe because you are missing Pandian

Shruti - Hmmm. Maybe that is true. I am so sorry dear

Me - For what?

Shruti - For leaving my mobile switched off hearing his words. I should never venture into such a thing without your knowledge. You have protected me from all the dangers and at the same time you have let me enjoy everything in life. I don’t know what I am going to do for you. I am indebted to you forever

Me - You are my wife. Your love is enough for me. Don’t use words like debt to me and piss me off

Shruti - At least accept my apology for going out with Pandian without telling you

Me - Ok. Apology accepted. But I have to say, piercing his condoms was one heck of an idea

Shruti - Don’t remind me of that. I did that at the spur of the moment when he was having lunch. That was truly a mistake on my side. He was right in getting angry with me for that. But the way he reacted was so stupid

Me - Yes. I also felt we over reacted. But there is nothing else we can do. We can’t just talk to him after he did such a horrible thing.

Shruti - Yes. It is better we stay away from him

Me - But I felt bad for him this morning. He looked genuinely sorry. You should not have slapped him. That was too much

Shruti - What then? You want me to go and sleep with him again after what he did. Is it ok if he takes me to the goons again and gets me gang-banged?

Me - Of course not. He looked to have corrected himself. A woman slapping him is the most humiliating thing that might have happened to him. Also he just offered to make you pregnant. You underwent all this shit only for that. I thought you would use the opportunity. But I never expected you to slap him. That came out of the blue. He might try to harm you now

Shruti - What happened to you? I thought you hated him anyway and you will be happy if after I slapped him

Me - Yes. I hated him. I hated him even more when he took you to that gym. But that night he looked genuinely guilty for having done that you. He helped me a lot while we were implementing the escape plan. Remember, he also has so many videos of you. He could have used that anytime. But he didn’t. He is genuinely in love with you. Slapping is not the right way to treat him.

Shruti - Why are you supporting him now?

Me - I am not supporting him. I am just telling you the facts before you make any decision

Shruti - My decision is made. He never comes into my life again. If he uses my video, let him do it. I don’t care anymore. I am sick and tired of this

She walked angrily to the bedroom and fell on the bed sobbing. I went to her and consoled her. She fell asleep on my chest. I slowly placed her head on a pillow and fell asleep. I woke up as my phone rang. It was Pandian.&nbsp; I came outside the room and told him “Sorry for being so rude with you. I just told her how bad it was to slap you.”

Pandian - It’s ok dude. I deserved this. Where is Shruti? Is she still angry with me?

Me - Yes. Very much. She is so stubborn. You know that. It is difficult to change her decisions. You better focus on going to Europe and developing your career. Just forget this

He was so sad and he made many emotional statements. I have never seen him speak like that. I thought he was more arrogant than Shruti. I thought he will create some new problems for us after the slap he received. He looked like a totally different person now. Shruti has actually made him fall in love with her. While I was thinking all this, he was begging me even more.

Pandian - Today is just Friday. I have two more days Dilip. I won’t give up that easily. I promise that I wont hurt her hereafter. I don’t even need to have sex with her. Just ask her to tell me that she has forgiven me

Me - That is a joke. Listen. There are two reasons why she was so much behind you. One is that you ignored her. She just couldn’t handle that. That is out of the game now. She knows that you are behind her. The other thing is your sexual prowess. If you say you won’t do that too, there is no reason she will fall for you

Pandian - So, what do you want me to do?

Me - I can’t say anything. It is just an issue which you both have to solve. I can’t get involved in this

Pandian - Can I safely believe that you are not angry with me anymore

Me - I am still angry. But I have forgiven you. And I won’t come in your path if you manage to convince her

Pandian - Thanks Dilip. I am sorry again for everything I did. I will talk to you later

Just after he disconnected, Santosh called me

Santosh - Hey buddy. What happened? I have been trying to reach you from yesterday. So, busy watching Shruti and Pandian?

Me - Not like that dude. There was some problem

Santosh - What problem?

Then I thought I shouldn’t tell him the things which happened yesterday. I had to lie to him

Me - There was a fight between Shruti and Pandian

Santosh - What fight? Anything serious?

Me - Nothing much. Usual stuff. Pandian kept saying he wouldn’t give baby to Shruti. Shruti kept asking for it. He eventually scolded her so badly that Shruti got so pissed off. She asked him to get out of the house.

Santosh - Oh. Shruti doesn’t usually get pissed about getting scoldings. 

Me - He went too far. He talked dirty stuff about her parents

Santosh - Oh.. I see. 

Me - Now, Pandian is apologizing to her. But she is not accepting. He even told her that he is willing to give her a baby. But she is not accepting

Santosh - Oh. That is too bad. I had some other plan. But not sure if it will work anymore

Me - What plan? 

Santosh - We thought of having a small farewell party for Pandian at your house as your house is alone and neighbors won’t complain

Me - I need to talk with Shruti about that

Santosh - Yes. Please talk and call me

I disconnected the call. I immediately called Pandian and told him that I lied to Santosh about the problem and asked him to maintain it the same way. Then I waited for Shruti to wake up while I ordered for lunch. She woke up late at around 3 PM. She was still nude. It was funny. The saree she wore when Pandian came here for the first night was the last dress she wore. She didn’t wear any dress for even a minute after that. I didn’t tell her about Pandian’s phone call. But I told her that Santosh called and I lied to him about the fight between her and Pandian. Then I told her about the party plan. 

Shruti - Why our house?

Me - Because their houses will have neighbor problem. Our neighbors don’t complain about anything

Shruti - Ask them to do it in some hotel

Me - Ok. I will

I called Santosh and told him. He asked me to give the phone to Shruti. Shruti talked with him for about 5 minutes. She was so stubborn and refused to budge. Then Santosh decided to have it in his house. Shruti told she wont come anyway. But somehow he managed to convince her to come there at least for half an hour. Shruti accepted with so much grudge.

The rest of the day was uneventful. 

Saturday Morning. Shruti was still walking around nude. She woke me up with a kiss and started riding me. Her sexual libido was back. While fucking, I asked her “So. My wife Shruti is back?”

Shruti - MMMM.. Yes dear.. Back for my lovely husband

Me - So.. If Pandian comes here now, you will be all over him

Shruti - No. Don’t talk about that bastard. I just want you and you only.. Aaaahhh. I am cumming

Me - Hmmm.. What about baby then?

Shruti - I have so many guys willing to do it. So, that won’t be a problem

Me - Mmmm… I am cumming

I came inside her pussy. We had 2 more sessions that day. It was evening 6 PM. I told her that it was time to start for the party. She told that she was not coming. 

Me - What? You promised that you will come

Shruti - Yes. But I think I shouldn’t go there. Why should I attend the farewell party of that horrible person?

Me - I think you are overreacting dear

Shruti - No. I am not. I won’t even see his face again. But you go. Or else, they will think that something big happened. You go there and tell that I am going for a doctor checkup and I will join them late at around dinner time

Me - Oh. Are you going to join us for dinner?

Shruti - No. I will tell them that the doctor visit got delayed. I will tell some lie and escape

Me - Ok. Your wish honey. Charge your mobile now so that I can call you if I need to talk

Shruti - Yes. It has been switched off for 2 days. I switched it off due to Pandian’s repeated phone calls. I will switch it on and keep it for charging

Me - Thank you

I reached Santhosh’s house at 7 PM. Aarthi was dressed in a decent salwar kameez. They had ordered so much of booze. Pandian and Bharath reached there 5 minutes after I reached. We all took a glass of beer or rum or whatever we liked in our hands. Before we started, Santosh told&nbsp; that he had to make an announcement. We were all seated around in the sofa. He walked into the middle and told “Guys. I have some bad news and good news for you”

Bharath - I always like to hear the bad news first

Santosh - The bad news is that I have the same problem which Dilip is suffering from. I cannot be a father

Bharath - Oh. But that is bad news only for you. Not for us

Pandian and I broke into laughter.

Santosh - Idiot. You wanna hear the good news are not?

Bharath - Sorry, bro. You continue

Santosh - The good news is that I have become as open minded as Dilip now

Pandian - Meaning?

Santosh - I have decided to let my wife enjoy with other men like how Dilip lets his wife to

Pandian - And you are also expecting me to impregnate her?

Santosh - We are not as greedy as Shruti. We just want someone to impregnate her. We are not stubborn that Pandian has to impregnate her

Pandian - Impregnation is not a big deal right now? Is she even willing to have sex with me? Will she be able to take my tool in?

Aarthi - I loved to watch you fuck Shruti like that. But I am not as slutty as Shruti. She has lot more will-power than me. 

Pandian - Yes. Even professional prostitutes were not able to take my dick completely in. She is quite a person when it comes to sex

Santosh - The problem is you cannot impregnate Aarthi right now. She was in her fertility last week only when we were in the forest camp. So you wont be able to impregnate her. But, to become pregnant, needs multiple attempts. Aarthi should lose all her inhibitions if she wants to have sex with multiple people like that. So, it would be better if you guys fuck her well and make her lose her inhibitions. I want her to become as slutty as Shruti

Bharath - That is totally impossible. Maybe 50 percent as slutty as Shruti will be a realistic target

Santosh - Yes. Shruti is a born slut. Aarthi cannot reach her level at any instance. 

Pandian - Well said dude

Santosh - So, I heard about the fight between both of you. I am so sorry about that bro

Pandian - It is all my mistake. (Then he remembered that I had actually given a different reason for their fight) I should not have scolded her like that

Santosh - Leave it dude. I have an idea to fix the problem

Pandian - Really? What is that?

Santosh - Shruti told she will be coming late tonight. Just fuck Aarthi in front of Shruti. Knowing the person she is, she will definitely feel jealous and aroused. Maybe you can impregnate her after that

Pandian - I am not sure. She seemed to be genuinely angry

Santosh - Let us just give it a try

I knew this plan was destined to be doomed. For one thing, Shruti was not coming here at all. Another thing is that Santosh didn’t know how serious the problem was between them. He didn’t know that Shruti actually slapped Pandian this morning. I decided not to comment at that time. Everyone told cheers and started drinking. Bharath being the naught guy he is, moved to Aarthi who was sitting on the sofa. He told “If you want to become someone like Shruti, you need to stop wearing these village dresses and start wearing glamorous dresses. Above all, you should stop wearing dresses when you are at home”

He pulled up her tops and she was sitting with just a bra. She looked so shy. She closed her boobs with her hands. I remembered that she had taken me inside the tent even when we were having sex in the forest. Santosh was sitting at the opposite sofa. I was sitting to the left of Aarthi and Pandian was sitting to her right. Bharath was standing in front of her and undressing her. Bharath saw her covering her boobs and told “Ha ha. You can’t even show your bra covered boobs and you want to become like Shruti. Shruti will walk nude in road if we ask her to”

Aarthi - Don’t compare me with her. She was born with lot of sexual libido. Not me. You guys have to open me up

Pandian - Don’t worry dear. We will will make sure that you she all your inhibitions.

With that he pulled the bra on both sides tearing it

Aarthi - Aaaaahh.. You don’t know how to remove a dress? You only know to tear it right? aaaaahhh. For your information, there are buttons, zips and hooks on women’s dresses which help you to remove them without having to tear them.

Pandian held her mouth shut with her palm and told “But ripping apart your dress does give you that momentary tickle in your pussy. Doesn’t it?”

Pandian kept his hands on her salwar while he told that. Aarthi moaned “Aaaaahh. Yes.. Tearing the dress gives an awesome feeling”

Pandian - Then just shut up and watch as we work on you

I took this opportunity to bite her nipples. She closed her eyes and started moaning. She was pushing my head with one hand, but pulling me towards her with another hand. She was moaning “Aaaahh. This is the first time I am having sex with multiple guys”

Pandian asked Bharath to pull Aarthi’s salwar down. Bharath slowly pulled them down revealing her sexy slim thighs and legs. They were around her ankles on the floor. Pandian held her panties and asked Aarthi “You want me to pull down your panties or rip them apart?”

Aarthi - Please rip them apart

Pandian - You want me to pull them sideways and tear them or pull the panties upwards so that they are tightly held around your pussy and ass and then tear it that way

Aarthi - Second way seems so sexy

Pandian - Then, here we go

Pandian stood up, made Aarthi move a little bit front on the sofa,held the front and back side of her panties with his both hands and pulled them upwards. The panties were stuck inside her pussy and put pressure on them. Aarthi was feeling a bit of pain. But before long, the panties tore off. He threw them away. Bharath made her lift her legs and pulled the salwar out of her ankles. Pandian, asked her to lie on the sofa and stretched her legs. Bharath interrupted “Dude. If your dick goes in, we won’t feel anything at all. Better we go first.”

Aarthi chuckled and lied down on the sofa as both Pandian and I moved away. Bharath kneeled on the sofa between her legs and placed his dick on her vagina. Aarthi put both her legs on her shoulders. He fucked her softly for sometime. Aarthi was moaning hard. She looked at me and called me near. I kneeled besides the sofa. She pulled my head towards her nipples. I sucked slowly giving a squeaking sound. Meanwhile Pandian started undressing. As is always the case, Aarthi had her eyes fixed on him. He became nude in no time. His dick was completely erect and we saw so much of fear visible in Aarthi’s face. That was when Bharath ejaculated in her pussy. Then I proceeded to her pussy and fucked her as fast as possible to distract her from Pandian’s body. I was successful with that. She started looking at me while I was fucking her. I also ejaculated inside Aarthi.

Then Pandian was about to kneel on the sofa when Aarthi stood up and said “No.. I don’t think I can take it. If a person like Shruti found it that much difficult, I will definitely not be able to do it”

Pandian - Come on. I won’t hurt you. I will insert it until you stop me. 

Aarthi - Ok. Let us do one thing. 

Aarthi went inside a room and came out with a sketch marker. She drew a circle around his dick at the 4 inch mark. She told cutely looking at Pandian’s face “You should only put it this deep. Ok?”

Pandian - Come on. That is hardly one-third of my dick. Dilip’s dick is around 5 inches

Aarthi - Please. Your dick is so thicker. I am not even sure about this 4 inch. Ok let us do one thing. I will draw another circle for 5 inches. If I feel comfortable at 4 inches and give you a positive signal, you can try for 5 inches. Ok?

Pandian - That sounds like a plan.

He just lifted her, threw her on the sofa and turned her around like a fucking toy. She was so feeble in front of Pandian. He began the fucking process. Aarthi’s body was shaking in fear. She was looking at his face expecting so much. Pandian pushed in slowly. Pandian made Aarthi lie down on the sofa, but with her ass at the edge of the sofa so that Pandian could fuck her in standing position. Aarthi felt some pain. But it was not as painful as she expected. As it was only a matter of thickness, she took it till 3 inches without pain. But after that she felt some real pain. He put pushed it a little bit more and Aarthi started resisting. She punched Pandian’s stomach. But he held her hands tightly. Her arms were like pencil sticks in his hold. As he pushed it in, Aarthi’s upper body raised above as Pandian held her arms. She screamed like a baby. But Pandian pushed it relentlessly. Santosh came near her and caressed her hair to give her moral support. That was when I started thinking when exactly Santosh became a cuckold. I had no clue.

Pandian had pushed the 4 inches. He began pumping her. Aarthi was in pain. But Pandian didn’t relent. He kept fucking. Pandian looked at Santosh and asked him to call Shruti and check if she was coming. Santosh tried calling Shruti but she didn’t pick up the call. He received a message from Shruti after 2 minutes saying that she was still in the hospital for medical check up and she will not be able to make it tonight.

Pandian asked Aarthi “How are you feeling now Aarthi?”

Aarthi - Mmmmm. Feels so good Pandian

Pandian - I have inserted till the first circle only. Shall I go deeper till the second circle?

Aarthi - Aaaaaaahhh. No dear. This is itself paining

Pandian - You have to learn to take deeper Aarthi. Only then you will be able to conceive easily when someone fucks you in your fertility window.

Aarthi - Mmmmmmmm.. Ok Pandian. Do it

Pandian who was pumping her pussy slowly and steadily suddenly exerted more pressure and pushed in an extra inch. Aarthi jerked in pain, lifted herself up to Pandian’s shoulders. Now Pandian was fucking her while lifting her. He smiled and remembered that it was Shruti’s favorite position. Pandian asked Santosh to take pictures. Santosh hesitated but Pandian stared at him. Santosh got afraid and took pictures in multiple angles. Then Pandian asked him to post the pictures in our Whatsapp group. Santosh smiled. He knew the reason behind that request. Santosh sent the pictures to our group.

Pandian kept fucking her for around half an hour. Time was 8 30 PM at that time But he still did not cum. Aarthi was tired and she was begging him to cum soon. But Pandian looked at Santosh and asked him “Did Shruti reply?”

Santosh - No

Pandian - Check if she saw the message

Santos checked the message status in WhatsApp

Santosh - Yes she has seen the message at 8 PM. That was half an hour back

Pandian - Cool.

Pandian kept pumping when we suddenly heard the calling bell ring. Santosh opened the door and came in shouting “Guys.. Shruti is here”

Chapter 38

Shruti came there wearing a very decent looking salwar- kameez. She didn’t care about Pandian and came inside the room. Pandian who was fucking Aarthi lifted her and threw her to Bharath like a ball and went behind Shruti. Aarthi was so disappointed. But Pandian did not mind her. Shruti was taking some snacks for her to eat. Pandian hugged her from behind

Shruti - Aaaahhh.. Leave me, you bastard

Pandian - Cool down dear. Today is my last night at Chennai. I am leaving tomorrow night. Please don’t make it a disappointment

Shruti - Shut up and get lost. Leave me.. Aaahhh

Pandian hugged her even more tightly from behind. His dick was poking her big ass. He slowly put his hand inside her salwar and started laughing “Bitch didn’t even wear anything inside and now she is acting like a very innocent person. She has come here prepared for a sex session”

Shruti burst into laughter turned around, hugged Pandian and kissed him. Pandian kissed her so passionately. That was so surprising. I never thought Pandian was capable of loving someone like this. The kiss was so romantic and passionate. And it took me a lot of time to digest the situation. I didn’t expect Shruti to surrender so meekly. He told Shruti “I have saved a lot of cum for you”

Aarthi - This is unfair. You used me to produce more cum and you are planning to use it for Shruti?

Pandian - Forgive me Aarthi. My sweetheart Shruti is in her fertility window. I hope I give her a baby. I am planning to fuck her till I leave tomorrow and deposit as much cum as possible in her vagina. 

Aarthi - Ha ha.. Go ahead go ahead. But I miss your long dick

Me - Don’t worry Aarthi. We will give you a new experience

Aarthi - What is that?

Me - Have you experienced double penetration?

Aarthi - What? No. And I never will

Shruti - Mmmmm. Aarthi. Don’t say no. That is one awesome experience

Aarthi - But I have not even experienced anal sex after our poker night sex

Shruti - Don’t worry dear. These guys are expert in it.

Pandian - Yes. I will fuck your ass if you want

Aarthi - Nooooo.. Your dick is a pain to have in my pussy. Asshole is just too much. I don’t know how Shruti is even able to control her shit after taking your dick in her asshole. 8 inches deep and so much of width. You definitely would have lost your ability to control your shit

Shruti - There is nothing like that Aarthi. That is not how our rectum works. You are surprised about that. You don’t know the gift I am planning to give Pandian in the next 24 hours

Pandian - Gift? What is that?

Shruti - It is actually a return gift. You gift me with your cum thrice. Then I will give you that gift

Pandian - Wow. That is so easy. Let us start now

Pandian lifted her in his hands. But Shruti was fully dressed. He told “I told you not to wear any dress these 4 days. You look so ugly with a dress on” Shruti tapped his shoulders and told “Aaaahhh.. Pandian.. Pandian.. I don’t want any normal sex like this. I want some thrilling experience. You know I like voyeurism”

She didn’t tell about their episode on the small hill as none of the others knew it. 

Pandian - You don’t have to go out to make sex thrilling. Let us make it thrilling inside the house.

Shruti - How?

Pandian - Outside, you will have the fear of being watched. But inside, you will be actually watched

Shruti - What? Who is watching?

Pandian - Let me explain. Santosh, do you have paper bags?

Santosh nodded and Pandian asked him to bring them in. He wore the paper bag over her head and used his fingers to poke holes near his eyes in the bag. He asked Shruti to do the same. Then he asked Santosh to bring a handycam and record everything

Shruti - What are you trying to do?

Pandian - Making real porn

Shruti - What? Isn’t that risky

Pandian - Come on. The sex between us will definitely be very erotic to watch. A black body builder fucking a brahmin slut is the hottest thing anyone could ever watch on the internet. We will record it and post it in all porn websites. Just reading the comments there will make us so horny. For safety purposes, we are covering our faces. 

Shruti - Mmmmmm.. It is so erotic and scary at the same time

Pandian - The scary part is what makes it erotic. Come on Santosh. Show your skills and shoot us some really good porn.

Santosh - I can do my job properly. But the fucking must be proper for the porn to work well

Shruti - Don’t worry about that. No one can fuck each other like us.

Pandian - Yup. Now don’t waste anymore time. Every moment is important for me

Santosh came with a handycam. Shruti put the paper bag on her head. But Pandian stopped her from piercing holes on the bag near her eyes.

Shruti - Why are you stopping me? How can I see like this?

Pandian - It is like a blindfold. It would be even more thrilling.

Santosh started recording. Pandian and Shruti showed their heads to the camera to show that Shruti won’t be able to see anything. They went to the bedroom so that we wont disturb them. Bharath continued fucking Aarthi while I kept looking into the bedroom. Pandian began doing what he does so well. He started tearing her dresses. He tore of the front part of her Kameez around her boobs. He moved down and pulled down Shruti’s salwar. She was wearing only the kameez with front part torn. Shruti told “You lazy bugger. What is your problem in removing my tops completely?”

Pandian - People will see your mangalsutra Shruti

Shruti - Not a problem. Let them know I am married to someone else. We can post the video in cuckold section of porn sites

Pandian - As you wish baby

He tore of her tops also and made her completely nude. He lifted her up and was about to fuck her when Shruti slapped his chest and told “Come on. This is porn. You have to start with foreplay”

Pandian - Oh. You seem to be the porn expert. Let us do it your way then

Pandian started having sex with her in a soft romantic way. They were kissing each other over the paper bags. Shruti put her hand down and started pulling his dick and shagging it. He lifted her and threw her on bed. He lied next to her. Both of them hugged each other and rolled over the bed like real lovers. There was so much of passionate romance there. Pandian poked a hole around his mouth and also around Shruti’s mouth on the paper bags. He went down Shruti and licked her pussy. I felt that was the first time Pandian had gone down on a woman. I was proud of my wife Shruti who converted such a beast into a decent person. After some foreplay, he went between her legs to fuck her. Santosh was running around them to get all good angles. They kissed each other at all places. I saw Shruti even kissing Pandian’s asshole I got bored and looked around to find Bharath still fucking Aarthi. I told “Let us do the DP”

Aarthi - What is DP?

Me - Double penetration dear

Aarthi - No.. I am afraid of it

Me - Don’t worry dear. I will make sure that you don’t feel any pain. Bharath, her pussy will easily take yours. So you lie on the sofa and make her sit on you with your dick in her pussy and facing you. I will mount her asshole from behind.

The usual double penetration scene happened. She was finding it difficult at first and later started accommodating my dick in her ass. The three of us orgasmed simultaneously. We lied in that position for sometime. Then I went to another room and came back with 2 more paper bags and gave one to Bharath. He smiled and wore it. We both went inside the bedroom with the paper bag covering our face. Aarthi was tired and slept outide. We were greeted with the usual position. Shruti with her sexy white legs around Pandian’s muscular back. But they were not moving. I moved around so that I don’t fall inside the camera’s view. I found that Pandian’s dick was in her pussy completely. Shruti previously mentioned that she took his dick completely in her pussy on the hill. But it was quite a sight to watch it for real. Santosh kept his camera right under Pandian’s crotch to cover the length of his dick when it comes out of her pussy. Pandian took it out completely and pushed it with full force. Shruti reacted like someone inserted a sword into her pussy and killed her. I was not able to see her face. But her body language was more than enough. This continued for sometime after which Pandian put his 11 inch dick inside completely and waited for 15 seconds. Shruti didn’t react at first. But then she knew what was happening and hugged Pandian tightly and kissed his lips through the holes. Yes, Pandian was ejaculating in her pussy. This was the first time Pandian came in her pussy intentionally. They held that position for a long time after which they both collapsed. 

I went back to the living room to wake up Aarthi. Bharath followed me. Santosh uploaded his recording to so many porn websites. We watched the view count going up all the sites and also the comments. Some people downloaded them from porn sites and posted it on desi sites with title “Brahmin woman and a black dick” He then fell asleep on one of the sofas. He didn’t have anything to do. His wife was taking fucking practice from others while Shruti was trying to getting impregnated&nbsp; by Pandian. This happened throughout the night till we all fell asleep. 

SUNDAY morning, we all woke up, took bath and ordered food for breakfast. After breakfast we read all comments on the porn website uploads we made. After that we had a good conversation

Bharath - Shruti. Did you even sleep last night?

Shruti - He he.. Technically, no. We slept only at morning 5 o clock

Aarthi - Ha ha. So, you drained that guy completely. He won’t be able to cum for next one week

Shruti - No. It seems like his balls get refilled pretty soon.

Santosh - How many rounds did you guys go?

Pandian - Around 8 I guess. I cummed so much inside her. During the final round, I felt like fucking a water tank. There was so much cum inside overflowing

Shruti hit his arms and gave a naughty smile

Pandian - I totally forgot. Where is the gift you promised?

Shruti - Oh. Yes. How can you forget that?

Pandian - I asked you now. Tell me

Shruti - Well. I don’t know any other way to say it. I am going to take your dick completely in my ass

Me - What? You want his dick inside your stomach?

Pandian - Yes. Maybe I will be able to fuck the breakfast you are having now

Shruti - Shut up. The last time it went till 8 inch. I think I can still take 8 inch pretty easily. Just 3 more inches. 

Pandian - That is definitely the loveliest gift I can ever get

Shruti - But I need a moral support from my hubby. Can you do it, Dilip?

Me - What kind of support?

Shruti - I want your dick in my pussy. I want to hug you in the position while he is putting his dick completely in my asshole

Me - So, you want a good double penetration. You are using moral support as a way to get it. Good job, Shruti

Pandian - I would love to do that

Shruti - Before that, I am tired of this soft sex you are having with me. I want you rough. I want you to be yourselves. Slap me ass, spit on me, beat me and fuck me. I like you that way only

Pandian - Don’t worry about that, bitch. You will get it

Pandian started the proceedings in the living room in his trademark style, slapping her around, dragging her around the floor, spitting on her face and spanking her ass.

Later, Shruti gifted Pandian what he wanted. I was lying on the bed. She was sitting on my dick facing me. She bent down and kept her face just one inch above mine. Pandian got ready to enter her anal tunnel. I saw Shruti’s face reaction change slowly. Initially it was just a horny moan. After a couple of minutes, her moans disappeared and she hugged me tightly. She dropped her head on my shoulder. That was when I realized that her pussy was getting tighter. I knew what was happening. Pandian’s dick was exerting pressure on her rectum and I was feeling that pressure on my dick. Now I was able to get a clear view of her ass which was lifted above. Pandian had reached the previous limit of 8 inches. I hugged her now and caressed her head like a small child getting ready for an injection

Pandian was careful about this. He pushed it slowly this time. But he was giving a continuous non-stop push. Shruti was giving a continuous non-stop scream near my ears. She hugged me even more tightly. I saw Pandian’s dick come out. There was some blood and a bit of Shruti’s shit. He laughed and put his dick inside again without any warning. Shruti shrieked again. I looked around to find everyone watching us intently. Now Pandian winked at me and put his two palms on Shruti’s shoulders, closed his eyes, shouted like a warrior and gave a massive push that he pushed both of us off by a coupe of inches. Shruti lifted her ass up, pushed Pandian away and jumped around the bed. She reacted like someone stabbed her with knife. She rolled around the bed with so much of pain with one hand on her ass. Pandian moved behind her, held her hair. Shruti was trying to avoid him. But Pandian told “Come on bitch. You promised me this gift. I won’t leave without taking it“

Before Shruti could respond, he stabbed her asshole with his dick again with the same amount of force. Shruti was trying hard to escape his hold. But Pandian didn’t leave her this time. Shruti fell down unconsciously. But Pandian kept fucking her asshole even in the unconscious state. I saw that his 11 inch dick was completely inside. Bharath came with a cup of water and sprinkled on Shruti’s face. She woke up and was stunned to feel the pain again. She looked at Pandian and begged him to stop. Pandian smiled, turned her around and fucked her pussy. If it was 3 days back, Pandian would have continued ramming her asshole.

We had multiple good sessions with Shruti and Aarthi throughout the day. Around evening, Pandian told that it was time for him to leave. He asked me if he can take Shruti with him to his home to take his luggages and then to airport too. Shruti asked me “Dilip, Why don’t you come with me? Pandian takes me around in the car nude. You will love to watch it”

Me - Ha ha. Leave it dear. Go with Pandian. I will give you guys complete privacy. 

The reason why I said that? Two reasons actually. One was that I trusted Pandian now. He looked like a genuinely good person now. The second one was that I was liking my sex sessions with Aarthi. Unlike Shruti, Aarthi didn’t have too much of expectations on bed. I just did half the things which I did for Shruti. She was satisfied with that. Also, Aarthi told me that she will try some bdsm stuff like cock and ball torture on me. All these things clouded my judgement. 

Pandian - Ok Dilip. I will take Shruti in my car. I will take her to the airport. You also come to the airport at 11 PM. I will be coming to airport in my car. You take Shruti and my car along with you. Give my car to my friend at the address I give

Me - Ok Pandian.. 

They started outside

Me - Hey.. Shruti. Your dresses

Shruti - No dear. I love traveling around the city without anything

Me - You could keep it in the car. Just for the safety

Shruti - It is even more erotic when you have nothing for the safety. You have to watch it to feel it

Me - Ok dear. Whatever you like. Have your mobile with you. I will call you when needed

They left at 5 PM. I was having sex with Aarthi till 9 PM. I called Shruti. Shruti picked up the call and told “Aaaahhh. Pandian has been fucking me ever since we reached his home. He is asking me to take all his stuff and pack them for him As I am doing that, he is moving behind me and fucking me. Aaaahhh. I think I will surely become pregnant”

Me - Nice, dear. If that makes you happy, I am also happy dear

Shruti - Mmmm. He is saying that you should have come with us. We could have used you as driver while driving to airport while we are fucking at the back seat

Me - Sorry dear. I am kind of addicted to Aarthi.. I want to fuck her as much as possible before she gets pregnant with someone else’s baby

Shruti - Wow.. Nice dear. I am happy to hear that. I was feeling guilty of enjoying everything myself. Happy to see you also having a go at other women

Me - Thanks, dear. Love you.. I will come to airport at 11 PM. I will start after an hour

Shruti - Aaaahhhh. You naughty Pandian. Don’t poke my ass. Just fuck my pussy. I want every drop of your cum in my asshole.

The call got disconnected. 

Chapter 39

I started at 10 PM from Santosh’s house. Bharath was still fucking Aarthi. I just wore my dresses, took a taxi and left to the airport. In the airport, I called Pandian. He told he was in the parking lot. I went there and looked around to find Pandian’s car parked in a corner. I went there and found Shruti’s back leaning to the car window. Pandian was in front of her fucking her so hard. The car was shaking. I looked around to make sure no one was around. Pandian saw me, bent down and lowered the car window and smiled at me. Shruti used this to put her head outside. She was sweating a lot. Pandian told me “Last fuck Dilip. Hope she gets pregnant now.” Pandian fucked her with so much pace making sure that his balls hit Shruti’s ass. After sometime he groaned and started ejaculating inside her. He then wore his dresses leaving Shruti there. He took his luggages from the car trunk. He asked me if I could help him taking the luggages till the security check. 

I accepted and took the luggages. The car keys were at the ignition. Shruti was very tired and already fell asleep in the car. After we entered the airport, Pandian got a call. He talked for sometime. After the call disconnected, he turned and got the luggages from me. He told “You will get back your wife tomorrow night at the same time”

Me - What are you talking about?

Pandian - Who the hell do you think you are? You really thought I will get slapped by your wife and still I will come behind you begging? You assholes

Me - You bastard. I trusted you. I apologized to you for everything

Pandian - Yes. But she was the one who slapped me. She didn’t apologize to me

Me - Please. Don’t do anything to her

Pandian - Don’t worry. She will be safe. She will be with the 3 guys you saw at gym

Me - Ram?

Pandian - Ram? No. I didn’t call him. Remember. I still feel bad for what happened that night at the gym. But when I wanted to become a good guy and apologize, your slut wife slapped me. I was in love with her and I felt bad about the things I did. I begged her. But the bitch slapped me. That was the most humiliating thing anyone has ever done to me. This is just a small punishment for that. Those 3 guys were very much interested in impregnating Shruti. Though I came inside her multiple times, I will give them 1 full day. The 3 guys are planning to fuck her for the next 24 hours. Let us see whose child, your wife is giving birth to. There is no use of pills as it would be too late to avoid pregnancy. And for your question, your idea worked well. Ram will not come back to your life.

Me - You bastard. I will save her

Pandian - No. Not this time.

I ran back to the parking to find the car missing. I went to the airport and saw that Pandian already entered security check. I didn’t know where to go. I went to the airport gate and waited for sometime. But no clue of their car. I took a taxi and went to the gym. The gym was locked. Her mobile was switched off. Then I took a taxi to Santosh house. My car was there. It was 2 AM when I reached there. Santosh opened the door. Bharath had left. Aarthi was still sleeping. I told him “Shruti is missing” He took a minute to digest the situation. Then he called me in, woke up Aarthi and we started talking. I told the truth about what happened during the past 3 days, the gym incident, how we escaped and the fight between Shruti and Pandian. Aarthi was pissed off

Aarthi - Are you an idiot? How can you let her go with Pandian after all the things he did?

Me - He actually transformed himself after the gym incident. He looked genuine. It was Shruti’s slap which changed him again. I should have been wary about that. I should have thought why he was not reacting much even after she slapped him. I thought she became so good a person. It was stupid of me. It is all my mistake. I should have at least been with Shruti there.

Santosh - Now where do we go and search them?

Me - No idea. I just have to wait till tomorrow. I can’t even give a police complaint about it. There are so many complications involved

Aarthi came to me, hugged me and told “Don’t worry about it Dilip. If what Pandian told is true, you will get her back tomorrow night. Let us hope she is not hurt”

Santosh went to sleep. Aarthi stayed with me in sofa that night. I didn’t sleep at all. I tried calling Shruti’s mobile next day. But it was switched off. Luckily it was a holiday in our office. I went to the gym again. But no one was there. I went near the door and I was shocked. Shruti’s mangalsutra was hanging on the door. I took it and looked around. No one was there. I was tired of searching and went back to Santosh’s house. They asked me to eat and consoled me. Bharath also came there hearing what happened. We talked about so many possibilities. But we couldn’t figure out anything. There was no message from her till 9 PM. Just when I was thinking about calling the police, I got so many messages from an unknown number in whatsapp. They were all images. 

The first picture had Shruti being fucked by one of the gym guys at the back of Pandian’s car. Shruti was crying in that picture. 

The next two pictures had the other two guys in the same position. 

The fourth picture had Shruti on the back seat with one door open. Her legs were hanging outside that door. The car was parked somewhere. She looked unconscious

In the next pictures, they were in some public toilet. Shruti was placed on one of the urinals. Her ass was stuck in the urinal. The other guys were taking turns on her. 

In one of the pictures, they were still in the toilet. Shruti was in doggy style on the floor licking food from the toilet floor. She was feeling disgusted about that. She was licking food from toilet floor like a dog. One of them was fucking her from behind

In the next picture, they were in the gym. Shruti’s mangalsutra was being pulled by one guy and she was fighting for it. 

In the next pictures, Shruti was sobbing while the other three guys were tying another mangalsutra around her neck

In the next picture, they were still at the gym. Both the guys were double penetrating her. But something was different there. Shruti was screaming. I looked closely to find that they both had their dicks in her pussy. It was not their usual double penetration. Not one dick in pussy and one in ass. Both the dicks in her pussy.

There were many more such pictures. She had been fucked throughout the days in many places including some road side. She looked limp in their hands. In the last picture, Shruti was lying nude in a pile of garbage unconscious. On looking closely I found that this was the garbage dump next to that gym. 

I immediately took my car and rushed to the gym. I was expecting the worst. I was afraid that she was dead. But she was not. She was just unconscious. I lifted her and took her to the car. I heard her mobile phone ringing suddenly. Shruti shivered a bit. I was searching for the phone. Only then I realized that her phone was deep inside her pussy. I found it very difficult to reach it. But eventually after much of an effort I pulled the phone out of her pussy. The phone was completely covered with lot of cum. It was one of the gym guys calling her. He told “Hey Bro. Your brahmin wife is so tasty. We used her as much as possible. We don’t have to taste another brahmin pussy in our life. It was so good. I don’t know who will be the father of her kid. In case you have initial problems, our names are Kumaran, Prem and Mari. If you take Pandian also into the account, you could give him an animal KPMP. Thanks for everything, bro. We won’t disturb you anymore” He disconnected the call.

I took Shruti to our home in our car, woke her up, made her something to eat. She was so drowsy. They had forced her to drink alcohol. I took her to the bedroom and made her sleep. The next morning I woke her up and made her take bath. She didn’t speak a single word for a long time. Then Santosh and Aarthi came to our house. They told they have called Vivek and asked him for leave for all 4 of us. That was when I spoke to Shruti

Me - Do you need the pills?

Shruti - No use now. They have been fucking me for more than 24 hours. And taking too much of the pills continuously will screw up my reproductive system. If I getting pregnant, let it be. I don’t care whose kid it is. If you don’t like it, you can leave me. I will grow the kid alone. I don’t deserve to be your wife.

Me - What? Why are you speaking like that? I love you. I don’t know what kind of ordeal you went through for one day. I know you had the most horrible day. I will stay by you and support you

She looked at me and suddenly she started crying loudly and hugged me

Shruti - Why did you leave me that night? If you were there, you could have saved me

Me - Sorry dear. I am a stupid guy. I trusted that psychopath. I will never leave you like that

Meanwhile, Aarthi and Santosh were looking at us not knowing what to do

Me - Aarthi and Santosh. I think it is time for us to move on

Santosh - What? What are you talking about?

Me - We are planning to move to some other city. Things are way too complicated in Chennai now. There are so many people who can be dangerous to us.

Aarthi - Come on. You guys are the inspiration for us

Me - We are bad inspiration. Don’t follow us

Santosh - Please. We love you as a couple. We wanted to follow your path to happiness

Me - Yes, Santosh. I know that you have become a cuckold like me in the recent days. Being cuckold is not a problem. If that gives you happiness, you must do it. But you must be careful about the person you choose to have sex with your wife. Remember, he is entering your family. He has the power to destroy it. Pandian was clearly a danger to our family. But we let our sexual preferences rule our thinking and did everything he told. If we had used our brains we could have easily figured out that he is not a trustworthy character. We paid the price for it. If we continue these things even now, we would be the most idiotic people around her.

Santosh - So, you will stop everything now?

Me - That I am not sure. We hope to get a child. If she gets pregnant now, it would be good. If not, we will try artificial insemination. We will anyway try to leave soon. We need to take some time off and think how we want to proceed with this. Our words of advice to you, cuckolding is a beautiful thing. But take time to identify the right person for you. If not, things will go bad. Pretty bad that your lives will be completely fucked. Don’t rush and fall into any person’s trap. Nowadays, you can fit cameras everywhere. Get the point?

Santosh - Sorry, Dilip and Shruti. If I think about it, we are the reason why such things happened to you. We only recorded everything in the poker game night and blackmailed you. That started everything

Me - It is ok. You were angry with us for what we did to Aarthi. Anyway, it is no use worrying about the past. Right now, you are the best friends we have got. We need to start a fresh life. You guys also think about it

Aarthi - I am so thankful to you guys. You are the best friends we have ever had. We will really miss you

They left after sometime. 

For some days, we were afraid that the gym guys will come back and blackmail us. But they didn’t. After some days, we tried to apply for job opportunities outside Chennai. That was the time when Vivek told that our team was about to be dissolved. He told we can find other opportunities within the company. 

Vivek and Bharath got opportunities in different teams in Chennai. I and Santosh were senior engineers and we tried for a team in US. Luckily, both of us got offers. They told they will process L1 visa for us. It was supposed to take 3 months. Shruti didn’t have sex with anyone other than me during that period. Aarthi had sex with Bharath alone. After a month, Shruti told me that she was pregnant. We both were happy about that. We celebrated it by going for a romantic dinner. Just a month after that, Aarthi told that she was also pregnant and the father should have been Bharath. 

Bharath was happy for us. After 3 months, we all got the work visas and dependent visas for our wives. We decided to leave. We had an emotional farewell with Bharath. Though he was naughty, he was a genuinely good guy. We even let him smooch our wives a night before we left. We didn’t let him to fuck them though.

We moved to US and took one apartment for both of our families. Our children were born there. We both had boy kids. We did family planning for both of them after child birth so that we could send the pregnancy scare out of the window. We also moved to different houses but very close-by. We are still in the US. After the child birth, we went swinging occasionally. Not as intensive as Chennai. But only a couple of times every three months. But we were so careful this time. But we did group sex with Santos and Aarthi almost every week. For swinging, we went to a swinging party in one of the pubs where couples go wearing mask and fuck someone else’s spouse. They did all the security of work getting details about the couples visiting, making medical check ups to detect diseases and everything. We just had to give some money, give our medical check ups regularly and become members there. So we felt safe there. Still we visited there only twice every three months. We were content with swapping among ourselves. We didn’t tell our kids about their real fathers.

At the beginning of our poker game escapades, Santosh and Aarthi were our biggest enemies. Now they are our greatest friends. We are more mature now. We are pretty much living together enjoying the beauty of cuckoldry and the adventure of swinging. Life is peaceful now. Of course, whenever we went to the swinging parties, Shruti still chose a big black dick. Who can change anyone’s birth character? But the bottom-line is, I still love her and she loves me. We are a happy family.


If you have any comments, please mail me at dilipaish@gmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dilipsexist


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





