BDSM Library - Kelly's Wacky Backwoods Masturbation Aventure!




Kelly's Wacky Backwoods Masturbation Aventure!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Listen to Kelly's amazing story about her solo time in the woods






I figured out at a rather young age that rubbing my crotch just right felt really really good. So good in fact, that I did it basically any time I got a chance. Nap time, bed time, long car rides, recess, on the bus...basically any time I was hidden from the chest down, I had my hand in my pants. It wasn't until I was 11 or 12 that I found out what I was doing was masturbating.Once I learned about the mechanics of sex, it got extra weird...I basically found anything that was remotely phallic shaped and put it inside me. I had my first g-spot orgasm with a bottle of body wash and once I learned the difference between that and and a clitoral one, I became even more obsessed. This was a whole new thing, not only did I feel it "down there", but I felt it in my whole body. Once I had this revelation, I just couldn't stop, I basically became a compulsive masturbator.

I'm telling you all this so that the rest of this story makes more sense. I've never really done anything about my "problem" (if you want to call it that) besides masturbate pretty much any time I get a chance. Some days the urge is stronger than others. Sometimes it gets so strong that I end up having some crazy sex with a stranger, hooker, or even both (see my old posts), but most of the time, I just take care of myself.Then there are the days where I'm on the edge between just taking care of myself and really needing to do something freaky with someone. Where I want to have some really great sex, but I don't feel like being social. That was yesterday.It was my day off, I woke up horny as ever and spent a good hour in bed getting freaky with myself before I even started the day. I figured it would be enough to hold me until later that night. I went about my day and at one point, got invited to lunch with a friend about 45 minutes away from my house. I decided I'd go, since it was a nearly perfect day and I had nothing going on. I grabbed my usual stuff; keys, cell phone, purse, but since I know myself oh so very well, I also took my mini g-spot vibrator and a change of panties...Now I didn't have any crazy plans, I was just seeing an old friend from school, it wasn't like I was going to try to get off right at the table or anything, I just wanted to have the option for if I got a minute to myself.

By the time I hit the road, I had all kinds of sexual thoughts racing through my mind, any refractory period from that morning's solo session was long over and I could not think about anything that wasn't sex related. I made it about half way before I decided I needed to stop somewhere and take care of this...I was out in the middle of nowhere, so my choices were limited. I drove down the mostly empty road until I came across a gas station. I decided I would check out their bathroom situation, I've had no aversion to drunkenly fucking a guy in a bar bathroom in the past, so I figured buzzing out a quick O by myself wouldn't be a problem today.I went inside and found the bathroom, usually I can get myself off right on the toilet, so I decided to try that. After creating a toilet paper barrier between my ass and the seat, I got to it. It didn't take long to realize, this wasn't going to work...the vibrator was too loud, the bathroom was too smelly and hot, and I was far too sober to be okay with any of it. I got my stuff together and left the store horny and frustrated.I started driving towards my destination again and thought I would just have to tough this one out. I tried to talk myself down, telling myself that I would just wait until I got home. I tried so hard to believe myself and think about other things, but I couldn't; all I wanted to do was think about sex and make myself cum. It was a gorgeous day, I still had time to kill before lunch, and I had my vibrator. Nothing was going to stop me from getting off.When I was a teen, I lived in a house with a lot of siblings, alone-time was rare, so whenever I would get an urge to masturbate during the day, I would go in the woods, find a nice dry spot to lie down, and get off right there with mother nature. Sometimes it would be a random spot on my walk home from school, but most of the time it was in the woods right behind my house. I figured in light of today's situation, I should get back to my roots...I took a turn on a side road and started trying to get as far away from people as possible. It didn't take long before I was on a dirt road, surrounded by trees. I found a good place to pull off and got out of my car. I took my toy from my purse, stashed my purse in the trunk, grabbed a towel, and headed into the woods towards the sound of rushing water.I only ended up going maybe 200 feet until I found a river. Along the side were some high rocks that looked pretty dry and although I wanted a softer place to lie down, this seemed like the best and driest option.Since it's not summer yet, there wasn't a soul for miles. At some point, this place would probably be filled with people swimming or maybe fishing, but right now, it was empty, it was all mine. The feeling was the same one I had as a girl in the woods behind my house, private property meant no one would come by. Of course there was always a chance, that was the fun! When I started doing it around age 13 or 14, I kept it low key; I kept my clothes on, I was quiet, I was fast, I would just do it and get out of there. Then after a while, I got more comfortable, started really taking my time, trying to make myself cum harder and harder each time, which also meant I got louder and louder. I would even get totally naked if it was warm out. Something about cumming your brains out, naked in the woods, is just magical. I wanted to relive that magic today.It wasn't what you'd call warm out that day, maybe 50F at the most, but it was enough for me. I was so horny at this point, that if someone came along, I figured I could just fuck them.I stripped down to nothing and neatly folded my clothes up and made a pillow out of them. I laid out the towel and got down on my back. Although I was dying to just furiously rub my pussy until I came, I made sure to take my time and really soak in what was happening around me. There was crisp, fresh air rolling over my whole body, I could hear water running, birds chirping, even my own breathing. I started to feel relaxed, more relaxed than I have in a long time...I started by just massaging my clit with my hand, really trying to be aware of all the different feelings of being outside. The cool breeze felt even colder once my pussy started getting wet, I found if i licked my nipples, the breeze felt as great as it did on my pussy, almost like someone was playing with them. Every so often I would feel a small splash of water, almost a myst, that would give me chills every time. Considering I'm a porn addicted size queen, I couldn't believe how good I felt with just my own hands, using no visual stimuli of any kind, it was unreal. I haven't not looked at porn while masturbating since those days as a teen in the woods. Once I got my own room and a laptop, those days were over. This mix of nostalgia and a drastic change of scenery made for one my most memorable sexual experiences of my life and no one was even there.I worked my clit by rubbing it lightly and then pressing down on it as hard as I could and grinding my hips into my hands, the more I did this, the more my pussy wanted something inside it. I waited as long as I could to pull out my toy, once I got it going, I waited even longer to put it inside me. I kept grinding my hips into my hands like before, but now I was holding the vibrator too. I came at least a dozen times by now and i hadn't even finished yet...I finally let myself put the vibrator inside me. I know right where to put it to get off, so again I teased myself just a little. I went in a tiny bit at first, just enough to get me excited, then I pulled out. I kept doing this until it hurt, and that's when I took it all in. I pushed up right to where I always do when I want to cum, and cum I did. Even before the actual orgasm, I started convulsing like Linda Blair in The Exorcist or something, my back arched and curled forward uncontrollably, I probably looked like a dying fish flopping around around on the shore, moaning louder and louder as things intensified.Once the actual orgasm came, I started shaking all over my body, my legs especially. I started gushing from my pussy as I came over and over. I would feel another orgasm start before the last one ended, I have no idea how long it lasted, but I can say I've probably never cummed continuously for so long before. I made sounds I could never replicate, I think it sounded more like I was crying than cumming, which is because in reality, I was crying and cumming.By the end, I could barely move, I had tears streaming down my face, my throat was dry from breathing hard, my thighs were soaked in pussy juice, and I was really really glad I had that towel.I cleaned up, got dressed and made my way back to the car, now late for lunch, but also extremely satisfied. I hardly remember what ended up eating that day, but I'll probably never forget the craziest orgasm I've ever had alone in the woods.tl;dr: came so hard that I cried, also I was in the woods. To see pictures of kelly in all of her glory click here: http://yotafiles.com/523407



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lisa Balmain


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





