BDSM Library - My cuckold couple




My cuckold couple
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: onight is a good night. Tonight I play with little t and little m for the first time. They are a cuckold couple; both of them are submissive...






(little t and little m will remember this...)

Tonight is a good night. Tonight I play with little t and little m for the first time. They are a cuckold couple; both of them are submissive. 

I have had the pleasure to see how much little t wants to serve: she is not a submissive, it is clear to Me that she is pure slave, and adorable too; the first time I met her, I had her sit next to Me in a modified sitting abayante (“nadu”) with her palms up on her knees and her legs spread open, her dress was long enough to hide her shaved cunt to the view as she did not wear underwear to meet with Me. I read her consent list with her next to Me, it was clear many of My words and questions were making her ache in a pleasant way, seeing how her breathing accelerated and how often her eyes betrayed need and want. I believe through this long conversation, as it is not just Me dictating to her, but her explaining what she is hoping to get out of this play —for her and her husband, little m— that I did give her a nice pleasure. The wet spot she left on the seat she was sitting on, as we left was only confirmation.

I am delighted to train her soon into position and having her serve. I am also delighted that little m is to become My little slave too; from his pictures he is adorable and he is submissive to her and a cuckold husband. l have played with a submissive cuckold couple in the past, and it always is a true pleasure to take the cuckold’s wife in front of him, humiliate him as she moans with her face next to his.

It has been a few days and I know she is in hard want, I have had her fuck herself to 3 orgasms per evening in front of him, using a dildo and a butt plug and often having her edge at least twice before she is allowed to cum. Each time, she sends Me a thank you email as well as a confirmation that her cuckold did clean her pussy and the dildo. I allow her to fuck her cuckold when she wants to, only in the pussy, as she knows her ass is Mine. She is instructed to make sure he cleans any of his cum from her pussy after with his tongue deep in her, and she is to masturbate hard on his mouth and nose when he does so. Like I said, submissive couple are wonderful.

Tonight, I arrive and I a greeted by the two of them, dressed as requested. I start by asking them if they want to be Mine this evening ? They both answer “yes Master”. I know he will not truly be Mine for a little time, I will wait patiently and make him want to be Mine by doing what I do best, control a mind and body, make one want to please and serve. I have him stand in the corner while I sit on the sofa and I ask her what she can serve Me for a drink. As she answer, I tell her to get on all four to get it, as I want to see her ass shift. I authorize her to walk back, I explain: she wears high heels, I do love to see a nice ass move. she blushes —I adore when a slave blush— and comply, starting for the drinks. I look at her crawl away and tell little m “nice ass, I do look forward to fucking it later. Do not forget little m, this hole is Mine alone from now on”. I can see little t shiver as I speak. little m only answer “Yes Master”. I smile.

little t comes back with the drink, I smile and have her stand at attention in front of Me. She stand with her legs parted, her hands behind her neck and fingers crossed. She is pushing her breasts out, and it is obvious she is very excited already. I expect before long little m will follow in this routine. I walk around her, admiring her dress, running the cold glass on the length of her cheek, asking “how are you little t ?”. she answers “I am well, thank you Master”. I smile as I lower the glass toward her left breast, placing the cold glass on her nipple. she shivers.

I squeeze her ass, it reacts perfectly to My probes, firm and wanting and her moans tell Me she is getting very wet. I push the fabric of her dress into her sex and I have a very obvious answer to this particular question. “you are a little bitch in heat, are you not little t ?”. she answers “I am, Master”. I smile.

I point to little m: “cuckold, come and undress her for Me”. I step away and sit on the sofa, sipping at My drink. cuckold comes forward “yes Master” and he help unbuttoning her dress, I ask for him to go slowly, just like if he was to make love to her. he slows down, and I can see his hands shake a little. little t is still in attention and the dress will not fall down until she lowers her arms. But she is a good little slave, and she knows not to move until I authorize it. little m is the one that asks “can she lower her arms so that I can let her dress fall to the ground, Master ?”. I ask little t “do you want to stand naked in front of Me ? do you want to serve Me ? do you want to be Mine ?”. little t’s breathing is fast now and she answers “yes, yes, yes please Master”. I smile, I said she was not a submissive did I not ? “Lower your arms slowly and place them along your body”. she complies and little m finish his job, the dress falls to the ground. little t is stunning, with perky nipples and a very wet cunt. I can tell, she has already some juice run down on her leg.

“little m, open her pussy for Me”. I like to humiliate the cuckold every step of the way by making him the accomplice in how his wife is serving Me. “little t, lift your breasts with your hands”. Both comply, I take a quick sip of My drink. she is obviously really aroused, her vaginal walls are showing some contractions of their own. “little m, keep her open … wider please. little t, use one hand, the right one and start rubbing your clit hard”. As they both comply, I can tell she will need to use her cuckold husband to stand up as her legs are starting to shake. she is adorable in her serving. I wait a few seconds, she will be a pleasure to play with, she is already ready to cum. I tell her “slap your pussy with the flat of your hand hard”. she complies her moan is so hard that I must ask “do you already want to cum little slut ?” she does not hesitate, “yes Master, please, please”. I smile, “rub your ass on your cuckold’s cock then cum hard”. she complies instantly and cums so hard I am grinning. After a few seconds she remembers “oh thank you Master”. “you are welcome little t”, I say as I place a finger in My drink and come closer. I touch the pearl of her clit. her reaction is wild at My special touch. I rub the exposed pearl for a few seconds. “little t, stay standing. little m, kneel in between her legs and lick her juices”. I offer little t My arm to help her stay up as little m does exactly what I asked of him. he is a very pleasant little one, I will be very proud to have him too. she grinds her pussy in her cuckold’s face and ask “Master, please … may I cum again … for you ?”. she does know just what to say, and given how much I love to see My slaves cum —especially if they are obviously multi orgasmic like little t— I authorize her to cum in her cuckold’s mouth. little m instantly opens his mouth wide, cupping her vulva as she cums hard.

I smile and sit down, asking little m to find Me two sets of ropes from My toy bag, as well as the magic wand, and a condom. “little t, kneel in front of Me, take off My shoes and socks and massage My feet”. little t is a true slave and she craves tasks and serving, her eyes light up at the task and she start removing shoes and socks and using, tongue, mouth and hands to give Me a very sensual foot massage. she push the sole of My foot on her breasts, I lower My free foot and push the toe in her pussy and I can feel her moan very hard as I fuck her slowly.

little m is back and waiting with his head bowed. I smile and take My time, truly enjoying the serving slave at My feet. she will cook for Me and wash Me among other things as a serving slave, but this is a test of how much she wants to be Mine, and she is showing so much enthusiasm. After a few minutes, I ask her to stop and she reluctantly obey.

I tell her to kneel in a proper abayante and to masturbate with her left hand, hard and strong as she is to cum twice more before I am done placing her husband in a hogtie.

The moan of pleasure coming out of her mouth is all I need to know, she wants to see him bound. I take the first rope, the shorter one and have little m, walk to the bed. I have him put his arms in his back and I bind the elbows together before binding the wrists together. I then help him on the bed, and place him on his side, so that he can see exactly what happens on the bed in the next few minutes. little t asks if she can cum and I grant her the authorization. she thanks Me as I fold his legs toward his back and lower the rope as to bind his knees and pull them higher in his back. I then fold his ankles and finish the hogtie. he will not go anymore. I use the extra rope and pull it in between his closed legs and proceed to create a waist rope that I then use to run up and down in between his crotch multiple times, forcing his penis against his body. if he gets hard seeing his wife getting fucked, he will enjoy his penis being in tight bondage.

little t looks at Me with very pleading eyes now, it is obvious she has wanted to cum many time already, seeing Me work on her husband, but she is a delightful slave and has edged waiting for My pleasure to finish with My command. I smile at her, come close to her and pet her hair as I say “cum”. she scream her pleasure before kissing the palm of My hand and saying “thank you, thank you”.

When she is recovered, I have her stand and using the remaining rope, start to bind her breasts, creating a couple double parallel horizontal lines above and below, and tightening three vertical sides, one the side of her breasts and in between them. I pull on the nipples to insure the breast is properly pulled and exposed. she is breathing so much faster already. I have her place her hands on the opposite arms’ elbow in a back, forming a U and I bind her arms in this position.

I leave the rope dangling in her back and I smile as I walk in front of her. I take My camera out and take a few shots of her. she is proud of her bondage and of serving Me this way. I kiss her mouth as a reward. I then release My cock, place the condom on it and tell her to put her leg on My shoulder. she tries to comply and I help her balance by holding her back. I impale her pussy deeply in one easy thrust. she is tight and I adore her pussy instantly. I lift her ass as I move her to the bed and place her so that her cuckold can see Me fuck her. I fuck her like this for a couple minutes in which she is able to cum twice. she asked properly and I grant her her pleasure. she thanks Me for fucking her each time. little m is breathing harder and I can guess that his cock must hurt trying to grow in the ropes.

After a couple minutes, I pull My cock our of pussy and I place her on her back. I focus on pulling the rope back and fold her legs in a simple frog tie as I do not take the time to make a fine rope work, just enough to hold her in this position. I insure that I have a waist rope as well as a few loops in front of her pussy. I then place the magic wand on her clit and push it under the waist rope, placing it properly using loops in the pussy ropes. I turn her and place a pillow under her belly. I need an extension cord to power the toy. Once it is on, I make sure it is on high and sit for a minute to enjoy the view. she jumps in her bonds. I simplify her life immensely I am sure as I say “cum at will”. I can see her pussy squeeze its wall hard many times in a very short amount of time and I do wonder if I should put a dildo in her. little m is loving the view of her pussy too it seems, I pet his hair, he does not shy away. he is starting to learn to love Me.

I pull her body a little closer to Mine and tell him “time to take what is Mine”. I apply some lubricant to her little hole using a finger as I massage the outside and inside of her anus. I then place the tip of My cock against her little hole. she is tighter and I am rather wide, so it takes a few long seconds for the sphincter to relax and the tip of My cock to be pulled in her. As it happens I hear her scream, not in pain, in raw hard pleasure. I love an anal slut. I start to pump in her ass and she scream and seem to cum in what seems like every few seconds, as I feel her vaginal wall pull on her little hole hard. I am not long behind her and I cum deep in her ass, all of it contained in the condom. 

I removes My cock and lift her body. she is so light, I just rotate her so that her mouth is closer to My cock. I place the magic wand on medium speed. I pull the condom off and ask little m to open his mouth. I hold it in place on top her it and let the cum drip down. I make sure she can see it too. I squeeze every last drop of it down. I then tell him to swallow and he does so. I caress his face “good little slave”. he smiles “thank you Master”.

I look at her at tell her to clean My cock. she instantly offer her mouth and cleans and suck with wild passion and incredible talent. It is My turn to moan in pleasure, which only makes her want to serve Me more. little m is next to Me and he is proud of his wife giving herself so freely and well to their Master. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Gentle M


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





