BDSM Library - Accosted




Accosted
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Rape fantasy with violence






﻿she sits quietly alone, music on as she checks her emails on the laptop sat on the table in front of her.

He hasn't sent her anymore instructions and she is worried.

The last message said be alone tonight and wear what you want as long as it is not jeans!

He signed it in His usual fashion M.

she reads it again searching for hidden meaning for some clue as to what she is to do. 

"This is so frustrating," she says to herself " what am I supposed to do?"

He is in control on their nights.

When its their time He sets the agenda, He writes the rules, she obeys, not meekly, but willingly, she wants to please Him, to have Him smile and say "well done slut" is more pleasure than she can stand sometimes. 

She knows no one else would understand why being called His slut, or His other favourite "girl" makes her shake inside, well maybe not anyone, but no one she can speak to in real life anyway! 

When He is unavailable, living His vanilla life, she is herself happy fulfilled, sexually active, and generally very successful, but when He is available, she becomes His, less than her more than all she can be, because of Him. He is her, He is all she can be and He makes her who shecannot be otherwise. 

Yes she is his slut, his whore, his deviant toy to abuse, use, to hurt, to tease, to bugger to fuck to ignore! But He does all of this and yet is also kindness personified, supportive, loving, caring.

He wouldn't have chosen her unless she was worthy of Him and that makes her smile when she remembers that. 

The doorbell rings, suddenly she is shocked from her reverie, " who the fuck is that?" She thinks, it's not like there is anyone she wants to see! It can't be Him, He announces his arrival, by a little chirp on her mobile phone and then minutes later He lets Himself in to find her exactly as He instructed.

She gets out of the chair and walks across the room to the door into the hallway, the doorbell goes again. Somehow this time more insistent! 

she peers around the door and can see a vague shape behind the door glass, but wouldn't you know it the bulb has blow in the outside light.

Walking cautiously to the door she tries to see who it is.

The doorbell rings again, reaching up she grabs the chain and slides it across, just as the figure retreats and turns away to walk back down the path.

Quickly she undoes the door and removes the chain, opening the door wide, she steps out and starts to say " can I help you", the figure only a couple of steps away suddenly turns and Wham! He slaps her hard, his leather glove leaves a bright red mark scarlet on her cheek before shecan recover he has removed a piece of tape from his trousers and slapped it across her mouth, her eyes widening as she sees the mask beneath the dark hood, she is turned around and her arms grasped roughly and pinned behind her as he launches her back through the door and pins her to the floor, face down.

He kicks the door shut and using cable tie cuffs taken from his pocket he straps her hands together.

her heart racing as she wonders what is happening, who is this, what does he want.

It has to be a man his strength and speed are tremendous, she is helpless less than twenty seconds after opening the door!

He grabs her by the stuff of the neck the material of her low cut top digging in as he lifts her up and drags her towards the stairs, she is shaking her had and kicking her legs, but it is&nbsp; useless he is in full control now and she is a just a rag doll.

He drops her on the stairs, not hard but hard enough that her breath is forced out in a little gasp from behind the tape.

He kneels down behind her and lifts her knees to rest on a step a few down from her head, effectively making her kneel.

The skirt she is wearing rides up to expose her thighs, he lifts this over waist and grabbing her knickers tears them as though they are tissue paper.

Realising what he intends she begins to try to throw herself about, but he has the answer to this he just lies on her ,crushing her chest until shecannot breathe and starts to panic, the step digging into her breasts, he lets up and she is sure now he is going to do whatever he wants.

Crying now tears of fear and humiliation ruining her make-up she spent an age getting right, as he lifts her knees once more to the step and spreads her legs, she closes them, he pushes them apart roughly and puts his gloved hand on her pussy.

Inserting&nbsp; two fingers roughly, she gasps, screaming behind the tape, her noise muffled, but still audible, he reaches his other hand and wham slaps her again, the shock stifles her screams her breathing now ragged and panicky as he shoves his fingers back in to her hole quicker now he is thrusting his rough gloved fingers in and out, she realises the heat building is her, she is getting wet, desperately trying not to be aroused, sherealises her nipples are erect and are poking through the thin material, rubbing against the carpet on the stairs.

He changes position and withdraws his fingers, a mixture of disappointment And relief flood through her, she tries to wriggle free, but he is alert to this and simply lifts her bound arms higher until she gasps with the pain in her shoulders and stills herself.

He is fumbling behind her she can feel his rushed movements and hear his breath louder now , in an obviously excited state.

Stars appear before her eyes as he pushes her head down hard into the stairs in front and bangs her nose.

When her vision clears a little she is suddenly aware of something pushing at the openening of her vulva and&nbsp; then he is in her, violating her with his swollen cock!

She gasps and despite of herself pushes back her ass slightly as he pushes her head down harder and thrusts hard into her.

She can't contain herself as he fucks like a doll, harder and harder, tearing at her delicate flesh, his hands gripping her head and banging it on the stair with every thrust, her orgasm builds and then it's too much the waves crash against her resistance and she cums, thrusting involuntarily against him she reaches an orgasm like no other, sobbing through the tape as he continues to fuck her like she's nothing.

He stops mid thrust and just slips his cock out of her, just like that she empty, then suddenly she feels him pushing against her anus and shebegins to thrash again, this time though there's no slap, it's worse his arm goes under her chin and pulls her head back as he thrusts painfully into her tight dry hole.

She is full now she can't breathe, he keeps her head up, she starts to black ou, fighting the urge to drift off, she focuses on the pain and the sensation in her ass, and suddenly she is there again another orgasm as he thrusts hard into her. Letting her neck go, he puts both hands on her shoulders to gain even more purchase and thrusts unbelievably even harder, she is lost now weak helpless shattered, frightened she lets go, her bladder gives wy in the final humiliation as he groans and grunts, his thrusting stopped now ,all the way inside as empties his hot seed into her.

She is spent, she has no strength, she has nothing left, beginning to believe she will never be let go, she begins to whimper.

He gets up, she rolls onto her side eyes closed, wondering what he will do now.

She listens as he dresses himself, still no word spoken, he walks toward the door, his footsteps muffled by the carpet, she feels the draft and hears the latch as he opens the door and slams it shut.

She lies still unable to believe he is gone, his strangers seed, bloody drips unwanted from her swollen anus... 

A few moments later the door opens again, she cries out and squeezes here eyes shut, desperate for it not to be him returning.

Quick footsteps and a quit voice whispers " hello girl". Her eyes spring open He is here, overjoyed she forgets about the tape and tries to ask for help.

He smiles down and puts a finger to His lips, " sshhhh!, it's ok, it's ok" he whispers " I'm here now".

He reaches down and removes the tape, kneeling by her side, slips a pair of scissors from his jacket pocket and snips the ties at her wrists and then scoops her up and carries her to the lounge where He places her gently on the sofa.

she looks up and starts to speak, " I am sorry, i couldn't....." she stutters to a halt noticing the leather gloves he still wears.

Holding them up for her to see, He nods.....

He sits next to her on the sofa and pats His lap for her to climb into, nodding, shocked she climbs up and snuggles into His embrace as he holds her in His warming gentle embrace, she starts to understand and to realise it was all for her.........

Startled by the revelation as the knowledge seeps through her like knife.

she is angry with, Him, and starts to tense in His arms. The arms that so brutally abused her, that caused the ultimate betrayal, the realisation of her darkest fear, but her greatest fantasy she realises too.

Confused by her own reaction she stills herself and settles back into his embrace.

He whispers in His rich deep voice, " I know you hurt, I know I hurt you, I wanted to, I needed to, I am glad you stopped resisting, because I was not going to stop!"

she listens quietly as she has been instructed to do so, she raises her hand to ask him a question.

Waiting for His nod of acknowledgement, she builds up the courage to ask the question, the first of many, but the most important.

He nods gently and kisses her head softly, "go ahead girl."

" Mmaster she stutters, i am unsure of how far you would have gone tonight, i mean would you have ended this ones life?" she is quivering now as she thinks of the various replies.

Unsure if He will respond, she sits patiently and waits, as He slowly draws in breath and let's it out.

He is considering His response and she is scared of what it might be, surely if He had no intention of going that far, He would have just said so!

" Honestly, mine, I don't know!" " probably though yes!"

" does that scare you?"

" no Master she replies, my life is yours to do with as you wish, my fear is for you and what would happen to you."

Pulling His arms tighter around her, pushing her harder down into his lap, where she realises e is a growing stiffness, he says " good girl, you are very clever to answer that correctly."

" I would damage My possession only if required, and I would not risk My liberty so readily were she not worth it!"

" most likely had you continued to resist I would have resorted to drugs before killing you, although there were moments when I was unsure how far it could go!" " I never lost sight of the ultimate goal, ensuring you were totally used!"

As he speaks His hand is clutching her breast and gently squeezing the sore flesh, her nipples hardening to his confident touch, she realises far from being put off by the violence meted out tonight, she is aroused, more than she can admit.

she becomes aware of His breathing now, quicker and his cock his growing under her, she squirms down to nestle it in the cleft of her thighs as He gets firmer with the touch at her breasts.

Looking up at Him, careful not to look directly into His eyes she purses her lips slightly and opens them sensuously lightly parting them inviting His kiss leaning down He kisses her fully mouth open hungrily searching with his tongue, she starts to squirm the tip of his cock between her thighs against the sore sensitive area between her legs as theyin&nbsp; kiss.

Leaning back, He breaks away from her and pushes her off his lap, " not now girl" " now is for us to clean you and heal you first"

She pouts slightly, but says nothing, knowing He will stand no argument.

Pointing towards the stairs, where she was so recently brutally taken, He indicates the bathroom.

Openeing the door and walking in, she immediately kneels at the toilet bowl, waiting for Him to enter so she can fulfil one of her duties, helping Him go to the toilet and ensuring He is clean afterwards.

He walks in sees her and smiles, shaking His head, He gestures towards the bath and says" run yourself a bath lil one, it is time you were clean again"

Gingerly she reaches out and puts in the plug, wincing at the pain in her side as she touches the edge of the bath, slowly she turns the taps on aware of the swelling and bruising, she asks, " can yours have bath foam Master?"

He nods and smiles, gesturing to to a potion, marked for " tired muscles"



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Mr Everywhere


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





