BDSM Library - Innocence Enslaved 




Innocence Enslaved 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Emily wakes up in a strange room. Her face obscured, she can do nothing but watch helplessly as various men from her life rob her of her virginity, completely unaware of whose body they are using.






Innocence Enslaved chapter 1: That first night

Emily woke slowly, her eyelids heavy. She was cold, and the room was brighter than usual. She was uncomfortable,the surface beneath her hard and unyielding... had she fallen out of bed? Still drowsy, she blinked a few times and tried to lift a hand to rub her eyes. That's when she realized she wasn't in her room, and suddenly she was wide awake.

She realized she was face down on some kind of table, her ample breasts squashed painfully against the cold surface, and her hands were strapped to the sides. She could feel something strapped around her head, and taste the rubber ball gag that had been shoved in her mouth. To make matters worse, she was naked. She began to panic, struggling to free her hands.

 "It's no use", spoke a deep, monotone voice from behind her. She struggled to turn her head to see the source of the voice, but could not.

"You won't be getting free until we're done"

 She tried in vain to speak around the gag, to bargain, and the voice chuckled. The sweet girl flinched as a hand reached out to brush her long, red hair from her eyes.

 "I can take out the gag if you promise to be good. No screaming, no threats... you can be a good girl, can't you Emily?" asked the voice.

 Emily simply nodded, terrified, and the man walked around to where she could see. He was middle aged, with short dark hair and a hint of grey. He was remarkably unremarkable, but his slick business suit and confident postire gave him an aura of authority that made him even more terrifying. He stood silently in front of her, admiring her pleading look for a second before kneeling in front of her. 

He reached out, bruishing her long ginger hair out of her eyes once more then gently running a single finger over her cheek, admiring the soft, pale, freckled skin of her innocent face. He looked into her round green eyes and spoke once more.

 "Remember", he said firmly "Behave or I'll punish you" then reached behind her head and unclipped the gag.

 Emily gasped for breath, gulping to hold back the tears. "Please!" she begged "Please just let me go. I won't tell anyone!"

 The man simply smiled, and the terrified girl continued to plead.

 "Please, just tell me what you want! I'll do anything!"

 Finally he spoke. "I knew you were a good girl, Emily. Now, let me tell you what I want. You see, I find it rare to encounter a girl with that combination of beauty and innocence that you have. Girls lose the virginity earlier and earlier these days, which makes it hard for men like me. What I want, my girl, is to take that innocence of yours."

 Emily feel dead silent for a moment as the words sank in, and then the tears began to flow, and she began to beg. "Please... please don't... Not like this..."

 "Don't worry," he cooed, attempting to sound soothing. "As long as you're a good girl, I'll make sure you enjoy it almost as much as I do."

 She continued to beg, and he placed a hand on her shoulder. He began to trace it downwards, between her shoulder blades, and she began to thrash. He slid the hand under her, cupping her ample breasts, and she begged more. The hand traced down the small of her back, and she sobbed. Then it gently slapped her ass, and she screamed.

 And that's when he changed. Suddenly his face was inches from hers, twisted in anger. "I told you to be a good girl!" he snarled, slapping her across the face, and she began to wail.

 He moved swiftly, pulling out a pistol, and held it to her head, shouting "Shut up!", and she stopped immediately. "Second warning", he growled at her, standing up straight and fumbling with his pants. His erection sprung out, a large, veiny thing prodding her face. Her begging escalated further, and he cocked the gun and pressed it to her temple, his other hand grabbing her hair and twisting her head painfully back "No more warnings. Suck it or I pull the trigger!"

 She fell silent, clenching her eyes shut as she obediently opened her mouth, but the taste alone was was enough. She stick out her tongue, and the bitter taste of his cockfilled her mouth. He small mouth stretched wide to accomodate him, and she heard him moaning "Ohhh good girl" as he filled her mouth.

He began thrusting, slight movements, only the tip of his penis moving in and out of her mouth, then slid it in further. She gagged as it hit her tonsils, and he stopped. The gun still pressed against her head, she was terrified, and wrapped her lips around the filthy shaft invading her throat.

 "Good girl" he whispered, relaxing slightly, and Emily sobbed with relief. He pulled out, and she started to panic once more as he walked around her abdomen and disappeared from sight.

 He stood staring at her pale, shapely ass for a moment, then simply said "Don't complain", and slapped one of her asscheeks with an open hand. He slapped the other, keeping both hands planted firmly on her butt and then spreading her ass cheeks apart.

Emily stifled a sob, putting her face down and wincing as she felt his thumbs probing her virgin asshole and heard him murmer "Glad you shave. Almost like you knew what was coming".

 Then she felt a warm trickle, and began to cry softly as he poured something slippery directly onto her previously untouched asshole. She moved slightly, but with her legs tied to the legs of the bench, she could only do so much as she felt his hands gently squeezing her ass cheeks. She felt his thumbs probing at her sphincter as his hands kneaded her soft flesh, and she yelped as he gave her another soft slap. His thumbs spread her open, and she felt pressure as his hard cock was pushed up against her virgin anus. She grit her teeth as the pressure built, and then he was in, his hard shaft sliding slowly and painfully into her, the lubrication doing little to dull the pain of her tight ring of flesh gripping him hard. It burned, and tears were now streaming down her cheeks as he slid in, until eventually she felt his thighs against hers.

Now he slid out, ever so slowly, the suction pulling her already sore asshole tight. She couldn't help but let out a low squeel. Then, just as it seemed he was almost out, he pushed in again, and the cycle repeated.

He began to pick up the pace, each thrust slightly faster, slightly harder than the last. She could hear him beginning to pant behind her, still squeezing her ass. Each time he pushed in, she could feel his hairy balls slapping against her pussy, the dripping lube combining with this to create a tingling sensation. His thrusts were getting faster and faster, the rhythmic slap of flesh on flesh abdomen his heavy breathing the only sounds she could hear as her body jerked back and forth on the table.

Her captor grunted, pulling her close, and she felt his shaft twitching inside her as he came. He slid out of her slowly, and another sob wracked her petite body as she felt his warm fluids in her sore ass.

 "Good girl" he moaned breathlessly.

Emily just lay silently, defeated as he walked around to her front, tracing a finger up from her sore ass, along the small of her back and then stroking her hair. He knelt in front of her again, and she averted her eyes in shame. He lifted the gag, and placed it sound her head, the tasteless ball filling her mouth once more.

 "Now I'm going to make you a generous offer, so listen carefully", he said with a smile, and she finally lifted her gaze to meet his once more. "Tonight is going to be a big night for you either way. Some things are not negotiable. You will have sex with many men. They will not use protection. They will not know who you are. No, I will not let you go before the night is complete, but as long as you behave, you can go home at the end of the night. Now, you can make one request about tonight. Don't waste it"

 With that, he reached around behind her head and once again released the ball gag. Tears were beginning to well in her her eyes yet again, and she began to beg

"Please... please just let me go-"

 "Wrong answer", he snapped swiftly locking the ball gag into place. She began to thrash in the restraints, screaming as well as she could around the gag. He once again whipped the pistol out and help it to her head, growling "Shut up!"

 Emily simply fell silent, and he smiled. "It's not all bad. Think about this: its happening no matter what. At the end you get to go home, and if you're good, fifty thousand dollars will be deposited in your account. That's a head start on life, and all it costs is a few hours of your time."

****

I smiled at her, lifting a finger to wipe another tear from her cheek. I was once more amazed at the silky smoothness of her pale, freckled skin and her beautiful, innocent features. I stood once again, walking once more around her as I admired the long red hair, the arch of her back, her tiny waist, and that deliciously well-shaped ass. My cock twitched at the memory of having taken her, but I would have to control myself. I looked over at the wheeled table against the far wall, and sighed.

 Time to get back to work.

 I approached the wheeled table, checking the wheels were unlocked, and began to push it towards the small, frightened beauty in the centre of the room. The poor girl was trying to free her hands from the leather straps, and doing a poor job of hiding it as I moved the wheeled bench to the side of the stationary one to which she was strapped.

 I was running out of time, so to prevent her struggling, I cocked the fake pistol and pressed it to her head once more. Of course I needed her in one piece for what was to come next, but she didn't know that, and I knew fear was a great motivator. So as I unclipped her right arm and leg and rolled her over, I said a few simple words;
 "Be good or die", I said as I pulled gently on her shoulder, and she rolled effortlessly onto her back and onto the wheeled bench. The table ended just behind her shoulders, forcing her to hold her head up manually as I strapped her hands in place. I finished tightening the straps, ignoring her pitiful sobs as I wheeled the bench to its destination.

 Against one of the walls lay solid wooden stocks, blocking the window to the a small, secondary room. It was here that I moved the table, locking my beautiful captive so that her head and hands were securely fastened, kept separate from the main room.

*****

Emily just lay defeated, completely limp as her hands and head were securely fastened in the smaller room. At least her head was supported now, resting on a padded table, and she could just see her hands in the darkness if she turned her head to the side. The thick block of wood locked around her wrists and neck were not overly tight, but they were tight enough that she had next to no movement, almost as if they were fitted to her. She could move her legs and lower body freely, allowing some measure of comfort, even though her butt was right at the end of the table so her legs were once agsin unsupported. Not being able to see her nakedness was both relaxing and terrifying, but at least nobody was touching her at the moment. Rather than panic, she took this as a time to think.

 Something flickered above her, and she jerked in surprise as six digital screens came to life, all pointed down so she could see them clearly. The picture came into focus and she realized they were connected to cameras in the main room. The central camera must have been connected just on the other side of the stocks from her head, and was almost as if she could simply lift her head to look down at her body. It had a clear view of her firm C-cup breasts, with their round areolae and small nipples, followed by her flat stomach and her gymnasts thighs.

 Two of the other cameras were focused on her from the side, where she could see her naked body strapped to the bench, everything from the shoulders down on display.

 One more camera was focused on her from directly above, showing a birds eye view of her pale, naked young body.

 She took a moment to realize where the fifth was pointed; it must have been on the floor at the foot of the bench - no, it was attsched to the bottom of the bench. It pointed upwards, giving a perverted view of her round ass cheeks from below. She could see her legs dangling idly, and tried to kick at the camera with her foot, but gave up quickly. Between her round butt cheeks she could see her own ass hole, and it burned slightly, causing her to sniffle as she remembered the rape she had endured.

 As she looked expectedly at the blank sixth screen, she was startled by movement in one of the side cameras. Her captor had reappeared, carrying rope and steel poles. Suddenly terrified again, she froze in fear. Was he going to beat her with the poles? Rape her again? Was he going to kill her this time?

 But no, he ignored her. The poles seemed to lock in place on the corners of the table, standing vertically, and she allowed herself to relax, resolving not to cry again. She watched in silence as they were fixed to the corners of the table, then flinched as he grabbed her left ankle. She began kicking frantically, and he simply looked into the camera and pulled out the gun, smiling at her. She stopped instantly, and he chuckled. Now she was angry, fuming as he grabbed her left leg once more and lifted it, strapping her ankle to the pole on the left corner of the table. He repeated this with her right leg, strapping it to the right pole. She was now immobilized, her wrists and head stuck in the stock while her legs were held wide apart by the poles. She could move only her midsection, and the bastard knew it. He climbed up onto the bench, putting his hands beside her waist as she strained against her bindings. She could feel his hot breath on her smooth, soft skin, and she could see from multiple angles. The girl burned with humiliation, knowing she was completely atthe mercy of this monster.

He looked at the camera and smiled right at her, then slowly bent forward, opening his mouth to take her left nipple. She felt a warm wetness as he wrapped his lips around it, and she screamed into the gag as she felt his tongue sliding around her small pink nipple.

 "Good" he said, his voice coming clearly from a speaker nestled between the monitors. "If I didn't know better I'd think that's a quiet little moan."

 He climbed down from her, running a hand up her thigh, and she flinched. She glared at the monitors, fuming as he pulled what appeared to be a phone from his pocket.

 "Now wiggle that ass", he commanded. Emily remained limp, unmoving. Her captor simply shook his head and lifted his phone, held it up to the camera, and pressed a button. An electrical charge raced through the table, passing through a cluster of flat metal studs in the surface of the table, and Emily shrieked in pain as the charge touched her lower back.

 "Now!" he roared. "Wiggle. That. Ass!"

 As he pressed the button, the girl used her legs to lift her backside from the table, and her captor beamed like a proud father. "I knew you were a quick learner!"

 A wave of relief washed over Emily, and the man lunged. He put his hands inside her thighs, his fingers splayed across her soft flesh, and she tried to scream as the hands slid slowly downwards. She thrashed wildly as his fingers slid over her soft labia, teasing her freshly shaven flesh. He crept inward, his fingers teasing the lips of her tiny virgin slit, delighting in the untouched innocence of her soft pink flesh. Emily kept attempting to move, but, held tight by straps and bars, she could barely budge. She watched in horror as her captors beaming smile moved slowly forward, looking directly into the camera as he stuck his tongue out. He kept his hands on her inner thighs, fingers stretched out to splay the lips of her innocent pussy, and she screamed as his hot breath touched her. She recoiled as his wet tongue made contact, teasing her inner lips as he licked her. His tongue slid deeper, wetly teasing her insides as he stretched out his lips and began to play with her clitoris.

Enraged, Emily continued to thrash, screaming loudly as he buried his face in her, his tongue delighting as her body began to react to the invading tongue, and her juices began to flow.

 Then he pulled back. A plastic tube emerged from his pocket, and she felt a cold, slimy wetness as he poured it directly onto her vagina, then slid a single finger into her slit, massaging the lubricant into her insides.

 He stood and admired his handiwork, his hands glistening, then walked away. Emily flinched as techno music started playing from a stereo beneath the table, then light streamed into the room as her captor opened the door into the side room. She blinked in surprise as he seemed to look around, then pulled out his phone once more and dialling a number. As soon as someone answered the call, her captor simply spoke two words, saying "She's ready", before he strode from the room, the lock clicking as he closed the door behind her. 

 Emily was once again stuck in the darkness, with only the screens to keep her company.

*****

 Unfortunately, she didn't have to wait long. Her captor had simply pulled up a chair and sat next to her for a few minutes, occasionally glancing up from his phone to admire her gorgeous young body.

 Then he stood, pressing a button on his phone. The constant thud of the techno music from the other side of the stocks increased in volume, and her captor walked out of sight of the cameras. 

 Emily screamed in rage when he returned. He was leading a group of roughly twenty men, a small crowd. They were cheering and whooping as they looked at the naked body of the young woman strapped to the table. She could feel her throat getting sore, and a small part of her mind reminded her to save her voice, in case she was given a chance to actually use it later. She bit down on the ball gag, struggling to hold back tears as she felt a few stray hands slapping her ass. A finger stroked her small pink slit, and she thrashed in process. Another hand found her chest, squeezing her firm C-cup breasts and pinching her nipples. She glared in hatred and shame at the faceless throng of middle-aged men on the screen, and knew she was at their mercy

 The host bent down beneath the bench, emerging with the microphone. 

 "Ok boys, give her some space" he commanded, the voice booming through the same speakers as the music, and she actually felt a miniscule pang of gratitude as the men stepped back.

She scanned the crowd on the camera, and her eyes stopped, horrified as she recognized a white haired man in a cheap suit - Mr Hartigan, her 9th grade math teacher. He had always been a little creepy, but this...

 "Welcome to all!" Her captor began "Its good to see so many familiar faces, and I'm glad we have attracted some new ones too."

 The men listened intently, and their host continued. "You may be wondering why this weeks entertainment is tied like this. Well, let me tell you something. The internet is a wonderful thing! Just imagine my surprise when I was checking replies to the clubs ads and I saw a message from this little cutie. Never thought I'd be so lucky. You see, this one is a virgin, and she has always dreamed of anonymously losing her virginity to a BDSM gangbang. Think we can help her out?"

 The men all cheered, and Emily began to scream in protest, but between the gag, the stocks, the pumping techno music and the men's own cheering there was no chance of them hearing. She instead began to thrash in her restraints. 

 "You're getting her excited, boys!" The host explclaimed. "Now darling, if you're eager, let us know. Wiggle. That. Ass!"

 The shock of the steel studs hit her again, causing her to cry out in pain, and she pulled her body up with her legs once again. All the men saw was her perfect, creamy ass lifting from the table, held there for a second as she tried to escape the electrical currents. They all cheered as one, and the host wasted no time at all, shouting "Which lucky guy will pop this cuties cherry?"

 The men all began shouting over one another, vying to be the one who would defile the beautiful, helpless young virgin before them. The host laughed, and shushed them. "I'm going to scroll through my phone for ten seconds then hit 'call'", the host stated "Whoever gets the call gets the girl." 

 Emily watched in horror as the crowd watched in anticipation, many reaching for their phones. Then he pressed a button, and Emily could hear a familiar ringtone break the silence. 

 "Looks like a newcomer gets the honor tonight!" 

 The man stepped forward, and Emily began to scream once more as her fathers smiling face appeared on the camera. She began to thrash wildly, but all the men could see was her lower body moving. A look of doubt crossed her father's face, and Emily screamed in pain and rage as the electrical charge stung her backside once more, causing her to involuntarily lift her backside towards him. He smiled, and the host said "I think she likes you!" with a laugh. She was completely helpless as her father stood between her spread legs, his hands on her slim waist.

He slid them up her body, cupping her breasts, then slid them back downwards, down her flat stomach, around her slim waist and over her wide hips. He lifted his hands and put them under her lovely, firm ass cheeks, squeezing gently. She looked on in horror as her fathers face moved unknowingly towards his own daughters virgin vagina. She recoiled in horror as his teeth grazed her clitoris, wailing in despair as her fathers tongue slid up the length of his little girls little pink slit. She attempted to escape, rattling her bonds, trying her best to beg her daddy to stop, but he responded by pushing his face deeper between her legs. In a state of desperate horror, the pretty ginger shook her legs wildly as she felt his warm, wet tongue slide between her virgin folds.

His tongue swirled side to side, and she watched in horror as he looked directly into the camera, sucking her pussy lips. His face was a mask of animalistic lust, and Emily could do nothing to stop him.

 She heard the voice of the host through the speakers, speaking to her father. "I think she's ready".

Her father grinned, and his teeth softly gripped her labia as he stood, pulling it softly. 
 Tears streaming down her cheeks, she watched, burning with shame as her own father loomed between her legs, fumbling with his pants. He looked down on his innocent daughters nude body with a look of pure lust as she looked on in helpless horror.

His pants dropped down to his knees, and she gasped in surprise as her fathers enormous cock was revealed, a full eight inches long and as thick as her wrist. He stepped forward, placing his hands on her thighs, and her body was wracked by another sob as she felt his huge cock being pushed against her entrance.

He leaned over her, his hands slowly and deliberately exploring her body. He squeezed her breasts, pinched her nipples, then his touch moved downwards. His hands gripped her waist tightly, and she clenched her eyes as she felt the head of his huge cock pressing harder against her entrance. She heard him moan loudly, his cock head forcing the lips of her tiny pussy apart as he entered her. Then she screamed as she felt him stretching her, his thick cock seemingly too large as her previously untouched pussy was forced open. His progress stopped as he reached her still intact hymen, and he spoke.

 "Hope you're ready, cutie"

She screamed in pain as he thrust forward, tearing through her hymen. His thick shaft pushed further into her, stretching her wider than she ever thought possible. Emily let her body take over, attempting to spread her legs wider as a tearing pain shot through her loins.

She could feel every inch of his hard shaft as it slid deeper into her, reaching her deepest parts, pain shooting through her as he slowly pushed into her depths. It seemed to take forever, but he finally reached her cervix, sharp pain shooting through her. Every fiber of her being screamed with pain and humiliation, and she screamed helplessly into the ball gag, desperate to beg him to stop, to let him know it was his own daughter he was raping. 

 Then, as slowly as he had entered her, he began to pull out. Emily cried a sob of relief, filled with disgust as she felt the tight lips of her vagina gripping her fathers monstrously thick shaft. She looked into the monitors, and was horrified by the look of pure pleasure on his face as his hard cock slowly, painfully slid from her aching cunt. Soon only the tip of his hard dick was still inside her. 

 Then the host stepped forward, grinning widely, and said "Now you popped her cherry, time to stop being gentle!"

 Her father simply nodded, and Emily screamed as he gripped her hips tightly and thrust. His thick cock slammed into her, instantly filling her, stretching her pussy painfully as he thrust. She felt his grip tighten, and he pulled out again, thrusting once more.

He began to pick up the pace, slamming himself into her harder and harder. His face twisted into an animalistic grin, and Emily could feel her body being jolted back and forth with the force of each powerful thrust.

He moved his legs slightly, and her gaze was drawn to the lower screen, looking upwards as his thick organ pounded into her. She could feel his balls slapping against her, see how her innocent young pussy embraced the thick, veiny cock each time he pulled back, see every inch of her fathers huge, thick organ as it pushed into her, still smeared with her virginal blood, slick with her juices and the generous amounts of lubricant that had been smeared around her nether regions.

 A building pressure seemed to mount in her abdomen as he continued to thrust, an indescribable tingling growing amid the pain. He continued to thrust into her, faster and faster, fucking his daughter roughly. By now her tears had dried, and a small moan escaped her lips as the invading organ between her legs rubbed a particularly sensitive part inside her. 

 Suddenly he seemed even more determined, his thrusts even harder, the fat cock slamming into her then holding, deep inside her, for a fraction of a second before pulling pack and being forced into her again. He was grunting now, and his hands gripped her tighter. He thrust again, pulling her petite body to meet him. He leaned over her body, no longer pulling out so far, his cock buried deep within his daughter. She felt his hot breath on her naked breasts, and he thrust again. His lips wrapped around her right nipple, teeth grazing her as he thrust again. One hand slid under her buttocks, and he thrust one last time. His teeth gently pinched her nipple as he held, locked inside her. She felt his organ twitch, and a gush of hot wetness filled her as he ejaculated. He collapsed in top of her, still moving his mouth from one nipple to the other as he nibbled them teasingly, and seemed to convulse inside her, another spurt of his hot cumshooting up inside her. 

 He straightened, momentarily pulling her nipple with his teeth then releasing it as he stood upright, his hands roaming down her body as inch after inch slid from her. He popped free of her, his huge cock dangling freely as she felt the fluids running down her buttocks. A wave of nausea hit her as she watched the pale cum dripping down from her pussy and spatter on the camera below. 

 He moved away, glistening with sweat as the other men cheered loudly. The host stepped forward, microphone raised, and shouted "Who's next?!"

 The men all cheered, eager to be chosen. It was going to be a long night.

*****

Emily sobbed quietly. She could feel the cool air blowing over her body, the burning pain in her stretched, freshly deflowered pussy, and the trickle of her fathers seed running from her sore, red little slit as it mingled with her virginal blood. She was exhausted from her ordeal, but knew much more was to come.

 Now she watched the screens above her, terrified at what may be next. The voices of the horny men cheered and laughed, and she could hear every disgusting word through the speakers on each side of her head. 

 Her father had been the "winner" tonight, and the second part of his prize was choosing who was to have the next turn. Emily looked on helplessly as he announced the winner, and his brother, her uncle, stepped forward.

 "Damn, she looks good", he said as he stepped from the crowd.

Emily noticed several of the men had already pulled down their pants, and were obscenely stroking themselves as they looked at her. Uncle Tommy had always been a strange man - short, fat and balding, he had always been the family slob, a divorcee with a drinking problem. His hugs had always lingered longer than necessary, but she had always loved his humor, and he had always made time for her, always had a kind word for her no matter what else was going on in her life. He had always been a friend to her, and now he stood before her, unfastening his pants and preparing to rape her.

When the blue jeans dropped to his knees, Emily's eyes went wide. Despite his small stature and chubby build, his cock was possibly even larger than her fathers - perhaps thinner, but noticably longer, with a curious upwards curve. Now he stepped forward, and she recoiled in disgust as he placed his fat, greasy hands on her knees, sliding them slowly down her smooth, creamy thighs. Two fingers slid into her, splaying her pussy lips, and he stepped in close. He gripped her thighs, and she screamed as he slammed his full length into her.

*****

 I watched, fascinated as her uncles impressively sized organ was plunged into the beautiful teen girl. He seemed to be even more eager than her father, and wasted no time in slamming himself balls-deep into his niece's inexperienced young hole. The sound of his balls slapping her flesh was clearly audible even over the music I had put on to cover any sounds she might make through the ball gag and sound resistant wall covering, a rhythmic wet slapping sound as he groaned loudly. I had spoken to him before setting up this event of course, and wondered if the sex-starved old drunken pervert would have been as eager if he knew it was his own sweet, innocent and completely unwilling niece he was currently fucking so roughly. 

 I pulled out my phone once more, switching the display to the camera pointed at the poor girls face. She seemed to have given up, looking nothing but exhausted as she stared at the screens, her head moving only slightly with each jolt as her body was violated by her uncle. I flicked through the camera angles, taking great pleasure in seeing what she could see; here a side view showing her uncles full length as he slid into her once more, here a view from just above showing how her firm young breasts bounced with every thrust, here a view looking down her body as she would see it were her vision not blocked by the wooden stocks holding her in place. I lingered on this angle, enjoying the view of her perky breasts bouncing as the overweight man between her legs pounded into her. Her clean shaven cunt glistened with their juices, gripping his shaft tightly as he slid back, and her body jerked as he slammed himself into her again. He began thrusting faster, his fingers digging into her thighs as he tightened his grip. Again and again he slammed himself into his poor niece, harder and harder, grunting loudly with every thrust.

Then he pulled her thighs harder, thrusting one last time. He spasmed inside her, his innocent little niece impaled on his cock, then pulled out. A stream of cum spattered onto her poor, stretched little pussy, more of the white goo leaking from her pink slit to run down the soft, reddened flesh of her buttocks as her uncle simply held her, panting heavily. Then he grabbed his long penis, wiped the head across Emily's plump ass cheeks, and rejoined the crowd.

  From there my pretty little slave was forced to watch as a procession of men from her life used her sweet, inexperienced body, and I distributed viagra to all the men there as I gazed at her body, using the cameras to watch her face the whole time, looking for telltale signs. 

 She shut her eyes tight, shaking her head as her favorite English teacher groped her buttocks, her soft, freckled face twisting in pain when he began fucking her ass. 
 
 She seemed to resign herself to her fate as her old gymnastics coach pounded her tight little pussy, her whole body shaking as he thrust into her like a man possessed, and he finished inside her.

 Next came her best friends father, and her eyes went wide. I watched closely as he climbed atop her, his short but thick cock sliding into her slowly. He took his time, nibbling her skin and sucking her nipples far more gently than the others had done. He kept to a steady rhythm, gyrating his hips slowly, moving his cock in slow strokes as her pussy lips seemed to grip him lovingly. I watched intently as her eyes softened. He lacked stamina though, and soon his slow gentle strokes had become thrusts, and I delighted in seeing her eyelids flutter ever so slightly, her hips lifting to meet his final few thrusts as he came suddenly, without warning. When he pulled out we were all treated to the sight of her innocent young pussy, red and sore but still only slightly stretched, give an involuntary shudder as a few drops of cum leaked out. 

 Now it was time to make things really interesting...

***

 Emily gasped, out of breathe after that last ordeal. She had wanted to scream, to tear free and fly away as the steady procession of men from her life had taken her. When the last man had taken her, she was horrified to see that it was Tony, the father of her best friend. She'd had a crush on him back when she was twelve, but now, with his cock inside her, she had only wanted to die. The humiliation of the act itself was nothing compared to her bodies betrayal - at the end, she had been unable to stop the feelings of pleasure washing over her body, spreading from her loins as the invading organ had stretched her, like a warm glow of pleasure spreading further each time his fat organ had slid into her. Her body, despite its exhaustion, had begun to rebel. Her hips had begun to lift to meet each thrust, and she had felt her vaginal muscles beginning to respond, tightening around his fat cock just as he had gushed a huge load of hot semen into her, which ran down her ass cheeks and dripped down to join the growing pool on the floor below. 

 Now she waited, even more terrified than before, as the host began to speak once more. 

 "Seems like she's getting into it boys, don't stop now! Let's give her a special treat! First and second, you ready to go again?"

 "Fuck yeah!" her uncle exclaimed as he stepped forward, proudly brandishing his long cock as if it were a trophy.

 Her father stepped forward, his pants completely discarded and his own erect monster pointed ahead.

"Haven't shared a girl since Helen!"

Emily felt her heart jump. Helen was her uncles ex wife, and had left him many years ago, but her uncle only grinned and said something she couldn't make out to the host. 

 The host simply nodded and stepped forward, bending down to wipe the lens of the cum-smeared camera below her ass with a rag. He started fidgeting with something out of sight, and his victim let out a yelp of surprise through the ballgag as the bench her body rested on began to lower. Soon the cold air of the room washed over her bare back as the bench dropped away from beneath her, and she was left with her lower body dangling helplessly by the legs, her ankles still strapped to the vertical bars and her head and hands locked toghtly in place.

But as uncomfortable as that was, even it would have been preferable to what happened next.

Her uncle lifted her body and slid himself underneath her, his hands roaming her body to cup her breasts, her buttocks resting on his fat, hairy belly as he positioned himself beneath her, angled so his head was beneath her right shoulder. She shuddered as he began to kiss her soft, freckled skin, his hands cupping her breasts and pulling her nipples. He moved slightly, his hard cock sticking up between her legs, and he began to gyrate his hips, causing his erect shaft to tease at the entrance of her pussy.

His hands slid down to cup her ass cheeks, and he pushed her upwards, gripping his cock with one hand and guiding himself into her as he lowered her onto his hard phallus. She screamed into the gag as she felt the growing pressure of his cock at the tight entrance to her anus, and then he was inside her, kissing the bare skin of her shoulder and neck as she slid down onto the length of his shaft.

 As she screamed into the gag, tears streaming down her cheeks, her firm ass impaled on her uncles hard cock, she had no choice but to watch on in horror as her father stepped close. He stood between her legs, his huge cock pressed against her pussy lips once more. There was movement behind him, and Emily saw her captor bend down and pick up the floor mounted camera. He held it up behind her father, who put his legs shoulder width apart, and she shrieked as she felt his massive girth being forced into her for the second time.

Her eyes were drawn to the newly positioned camera, which offered a clear view between her pussy and anus, each stretched tight around her father and uncles' hard cocks. Her father slid in deeper, all the way in, and she could feel both huge organs inside her, filling her up as two sets of hands glided across her soft, smooth pale skin. 
 
 Then they began to move. Her uncle began rocking his hips beneath her, and she felt him gliding in and out of her as her father followed his lead, pulling back out of her, her tight cunt gripping him as if it didn't want to let him go. He rocked forward once more, and an involuntary moan escaped the girls lips as she felt both men pushing into her, the heat of their bodies surrounding her as the heat of their cocks pulsated inside her, filling her completely.

They began to move separately, picking up the pace, and waves of pleasure shot through her body as they began to piston in and out of her, her small, pale body as it was rocked back and forth between the two men using her. She could feel every inch of their shafts as they stretched her around them, and the multiple cameras caught every thrust, every gasp in exquisite detail as her body reacted. She could feel her bodies natural lubrication beginning to flow, making it easier for her fathers rod to slide in and out of her, her hips involuntarily lifting to meet his every thrust. The three bodies moved in rhythm now, her fathers thrusts pushing her down onto her uncles hard cock and her uncles thrusts pushing her back up to feel her father sliding into her once more.

Her body writhed between them now, each stroke of their long cocks eliciting another moan as she struggled against her bonds, no longer to break free but rather to spread her legs further. Her mind was in turmoil; she still wished to break free, to scream for them to stop, but she now knew there was no hope of that. But the two men she loved most in the world were fucking her, and the sensations shooting through her loins were indescribable.

She desperately humped against her father, grinding herself into him, her loins screaming for more as her mind screamed for freedom. Both men thrust into her, burying their thick cocks balls-deep inside her, and her eyes shot wide open. She felt her pussy spasm around her daddies thick organ, gripping it tightly as her hips bucked wildly. She screamed into the gag once more as the orgasm took hold of her body, sending wave after wave of incredible pleasure through her entire body as a hot cascade erupted from her sweet pussy, drenching both cocks as a delicious cascade squirted from her pussy.

This show was not lost on any of the men present, and the men observing let out a loud cheer. This was all it took to send the two men fucking her over the edge, and they redoubled their efforts, their hands gripping her ever tighter as they thrust their hips wildly. Her uncle thrust upward again, burying himself in her to the hilt, and she felt the now familiar twitch in his cock as he shot a load of cum into her. She screamed in a mixture of pleasure and pain, ecstasy and torment as another orgasm hit her, and her hips moved between the two men, gyrating on the two large members inside her.

Her father gripped her waist, thrusting into her harder, harder, then one final thrust. He roared as he rammed his cock into his daughter, burying himself all the way in. The pain of him hitting her cervix was drowned out by pleasure as one final orgasm hit her, and they came together, father and daughter, her sweet folds gripping him tightly as he filled her, her hips grinding into his. She looked at the screen, gasping for breath as she stared at the image of the two enormous cocks, her holes distended to accomodate their girth, overflowing cum leaking from her.

Then they pulled out, and she saw every inch of them as they slowly retracted. It seemed to take forever as they pulled out inch by inch, and part of her mind marvelled atthe sizeofthe two cocks that had just been inside her. Her body spasmed once more, an aftershock of orgasm as her father popped out of her, then her uncle followed. Cum dripped from both her holes, and her mind reeled as she came back to her senses, horrified at the thought that her father and uncle had just given her her first, second and third orgasm, repulsed that the warm feeling inside her, that white liquid dripping out of her sore and distended little body, was their cum. 
 
 Then the room began to spin, and everything went black.

*****

With a splash of something cold and wet on her face, Emily woke. She instantly regretted it. The man who had captured her stood over her, a sneer plastered on his face and an empty cup in his hand. 

 "You had me worried for a second" he laughed "What, were your daddy and uncle too much for you?"

 Emily tried to shout at him through the ball gag, to scream at him, but she could do nothing as a tear rolled down her cheek, just one of many streaking her pretty freckled face. Her face flushed with shame as she remembered what had just happened, and struggled to fight back the tears.

The host ran his fingers through her silky red hair, and she grimaced as she felt his erect cock rubbing on her soft cheek, shaking her head as he stroked himself over her face. But she was helpless, unable to move, only her head and hands on this side of the wooden partition and her body tied down on the other side, naked and vulnerable in the main room with the other men. Even now she could feel multiple hands groping her, squeezing her breasts, pinching her nipples. The screens above her showed everything in full detail; the stranger pinching her hardened nipples. Her math teacher running his hands up her soft, creamy thighs. And her father and uncle, laughing in the crowd, blissfully unaware of the identity of the virgin they had just defiled. They joked and chatted with other men, sipping beers taken from a cooler on the floor and having a great night while the girl who trusted and loved them most in the world lay naked, bound and defiled just a few feet away.

She could still feel their cum inside her, leaking from her sore little slit as her unknowing teacher leaned close and slid two fingers into her.

"I know you must be tired after all this, particularly after how hard you came on daddies dick," her captor teased as the girl let out a small whimper, her every muscle burning with exhaustion and her loins burning with desire as she squirmed to escape the fingers inside her. "Try to enjoy what comes next."
 
 Then he turned, putting his engorged member back into his pants, walking from the room and locking the door behind him. Once again the darkness surrounded the poor girl, and she was left alone with nothing to watch but the screens above her. 

 In the main room, the host returned with a cheer from the audience of gathered men. He took a moment to admire his captive, her soft, pale skin drenched with sweat and cum but still as perfect as when he had tied her up, her firm breasts rising and falling with each breath, her gymnasts body and ample yet firm ass suspended for all to see by the ropes that held her fit, smooth legs apart. 

 The other men stepped back, eying the girl hungrily as they waited eagerly to hear what would happen next. The host grinned as he raised the microphone.

"Now who's ready for the main event?!"

 The men cheered, raising their drinks in celebration. A figure emerged from the side door, and the men cheered once more as they turned to look; it appeared to be a girl about Emily's age, a blonde girl wearing a tight - fitting school uniform that highlighted her slim build and small, perky breasts. She wore oversized aviator style sunglasses that covered not just her eyes, but much of the rest of her face.

Emily was unsure if it was the girl the men cheered for or her companion, for beside her marched a huge great dane, obediently staying at her side as she sauntered into the room. The host waited until the cheering died down before calling out "Now... give it up for Angel and Demon!", and the men began to celebrate even louder than before. 
 
 The new girl approached the captive, and Emily knew that whatever was going on, this girl had a part in it. Angel put on a show, commanding Demon to sit then sauntering around the prisoner, swaying her hips provocatively and moving in time to the music. Then she stopped between Emily's bound legs, bending slowly with her ass raised in the air. She stuck her tongue out slowly, then bent her head down, raising her ass to tease the men as she licked gingerly at her captives sore, cum-smeared pussy.  

 "Mmm" she said as she turned her head and smiled wickedly back at the men "Tastes like Daddy"

 The men cheered loudly at this, and Emily raged at the humiliation. Part of her wondered if the girl was just teasing the horny older men or if she actually knew how right she was, but a glance at the face of the host made her think he didn't want 'Angel' ruining the surprise. The men paid no mind to the girls words though, except that many - including Emilys uncle - had resumed stroking themselves through their pants or even openly.
 
 Her train of thought was interrupted as Angel once again lowered her head, her long blonde hair cascading down to tickle at Emily's soft thighs, and gently took the poor girls pussy lips in her teeth, pulling at her victims skin teasingly. She began to swirl her tongue into and around the young redheads sweet folds, teasing at all the right places, and Emily sobbed as she felt the telltale signs of her body beginning to respond yet again. She looked on helplessly as Angel's hands lifted her own skirt, raising her ass and fingering her own pussy for all the men to see as her tongue swirled expertly in Emily's cunny. 

 Before her body could betray her once more, Emily was surprised by her tormentor pulling back. Emily was momentarily confused, until she saw the wicked smile on Angels lips.

 "Now it's Demons turn!" she announced, and the men cheered again as the tiny blonde girl called the dog over. Emily was too exhausted to even struggle now, her legs burning and every muscle in her body feeling dull and dead. The dog lacked the subtlety and finesse of its master, but more than made up for that with eagerness, its cold wet nose snuffling in Emily's helpless pussy before it's  long tongue began lapping desperately at her. Emily felt disgusted as the long, slimy tongue slid into her, reaching the hardest to reach places as the creatures hot, moist breath washed over her loins. It slipped in and out of her in long strokes, filling her with warmth as it seemed determined to lick out every drop of cum the other men had deposited in her... and it felt wonderful.

The sweet, innocent young girl, the virgin gymnast who had never let a boy touch her until tonight, who had been kidnapped and defiled in every way and every hole, finally gave in.

She surrendered to the animal, opening her legs for its tongue, barely noticing as the bench was raised up beneath her and a pillow placed under her firm round ass. Her mind had finally cracked, and now she belonged to the dog... and the dog knew it. 

 She hadn't seen the host sliding the platform up to the edge of the bench, but she certainly noticed when her new lover begrudgingly removed it's tongue from her to step aside. She had given up completely, running on pure animal instinct now, and her mind barely registered the cheers of the men as she raised her hips in search of her missing lover. 

 Then the animal clambered up, scratching her slightly as it awkwardly attempted to position itself above her. She felt the weight of its huge, furry body clambering up between her legs, its forepaws wrapping clumsily around her narrow waist as the long wet tongue began to lick her neck. She felt something prodding her groin, and shifted slightly as the dogs clumsy humping motions caused its hard red cock to brush past its target. She raised her hips once more, arching her back, her eyes glued to the screen showing the view from the camera in the hosts hand. She watched every thrust with baited breath, the dogs balls bouncing back and forth. Then the animals pointed red cock struck home, and she screamed through the gag as it thrust upwards onto her tight, moist little slit. 

 The creature knew it had succeeded, and began pumping into her, thrusting home like a Jackhammer. It stepped in closer to her, its claws digging into the girls soft skin as it wrapped them tighter around her waist, its long tongue slobbering over her firm breasts, covering her pink nipples with warm drool. It slammed into her harder and harder, and she tried desperately to open her legs further for it. It's long, red organ seemed to be growing within her. A whimper escaped her lips as she watched her young hole stretching around the beast, its thrusts getting shorter as it filled her completely. It's rapidly expanding shaft seemed to pulsate, and she saw what appeared to be a massive, thick lump growing at the base of its cock. It gripped her even tighter, stretching her painfully as it forced its knot inside her, and she screamed once more as that now familiar combination of pleasure and pain shot up from her loins. A few more quick thrusts, and the beast was fully inside her stretched pussy, its knot held firmly between her tight pink lips. She felt the stretching, felt the pressure it put upon her clitoris. It continued to jackhammer into the young girl, eliciting moans as she writhed beneath it. Then came three more hard, quick thrusts and she felt a torrent of hot cum shooting up into her, the hot cum filling her even more than her father had, and she bucked her hips wildly beneath the creature as she was taken by another orgasm. She watched herself stretched by the huge organ, felt every inch of the thick shaft inside her, her sweet little cunt spasming around the creatures knot as she came.

 Emily lay panting beneath the creature, her eyes closed and her expression slack as she recovered from her climax. The dog scrambled over and off her, turning its back to her, but its huge knot was stuck firmly inside her, keeping the creatures rear attached to her. She let out a small moan as it attempted to pull free, her tortured pussy lips straining to keep it firmly inside her. 

*****

 I smiled as the dog clambered off the girl, her pale body slick with sweat and cum. She had taken it well. I leaned close with the camera, and was pleased with the view of the dogs large knot locked inside her, the lips of her tight little cunt distended around it. It looked painful, but judging by the small movements of her hips, the pleasure must have outweighed the pain. 

 I nodded to Angel, and she moved to assist. Demon was still locked to his bitch, his back turned to her and his penis stretched backwards, and he curled around and began to lick at her pussy. Angel stood over Emily's naked body, her small hand reaching down to massage the bound girls clitoris. The men watched intently as the girls quietly worked, Emily's firm young body shuddering periodically from the combined ministations of Angels fingers, Demons tongue and the huge pulsing organ inside her. 

 The main event was almost over, and those who would not be permitted in the afterparty didn't want it to end. 

 Then Emily shuddered one last time, and the dogs huge cock slid from her tortured hole. A torrent of thick white doggy cum gushed from her, and then she lay still. 

 "Alright boys" I called out as I turned to the crowd "I hope you enjoyed the show! See you next week!"

*****

Emily lay still, exhausted. She could feel the prickly fur of the dog that had mounted her, stuck to her soft, smooth skin of her bare body, stuck to the dried saliva, sweat and cum of multiple men. Even now she could feel remnants of the creatures cum slowly leaking from her sore, stretched pussy to mingle with the sperm of her father and uncle and drip down her round buttocks.

The pretty young redhead had given up. Now she stared blankly at the screens, barely registering as about half of the men reluctantly finished off their drinks and prepared to leave.

They slowly began to trickle from the building, and a small part of her mind worried what might be next.

Her father, her uncle, and half a dozen other men from her life made up the bulk of the group who were leaving. At least it was some small mercy that only strangers remained. At least she wouldn't have to deal with the shame of watching whatever came next.

 Then the last of that first group were gone, and the remaining men began to mill around as the girl, Angel, walked into the small room where Emily lay alone with the flickering monitors. She removed her oversized sunglasses to reveal the young, innocent- looking face of a girl a year or two younger than Emily herself. Her eyes darted around the room as if worried, and she pushed the door shut behind her. She bent over the prisoner and removed the ball gag from her mouth, a flash of concern on her face, and Emily felt hope soaring in her heart.

"I'm so sorry" Angel said. "I had to do this... they're dangerous."

"It's okay" Emily mumbled, holding back tears as the younger girl began to speak once more.

"Don't cry, that's what they want. And take these, they'll help with the pain."

Emily nodded silently, swallowing the pills the other girl gave her without question. Angel dabbed her face with a damp cloth, wiping away the sweat and dried tears from the soft, freckled face of the girl bound in front of her.

"The next part is hard. But act eager, smile, and open your mouth. They'll finish up a lot faster."

Then the music suddenly stopped, and the room filled with light as the stocks that had been keeping Emily's head and hands trapped in the side room were opened. Angel squeezed her hand tightly as her bound legs were released, and rough hands grabbed her body and pulled her away into the blinding light.

Emily squirmed in their grasp as the men picked her up. Large hands grabbed her ankles, wrists and arms as she was lifted from the bench where she had been defiled, and others squeezed her large, firm breasts. The only mercy was that she was now able to scream, and she began cursing the men who held her.  Then she found herself on a large bed the men must have moved into the room while she'd been speaking to angel, each arm and each leg held by a different man.

The man holding her right leg, an overweight brute in his forties, clambered over her and between her thighs. She moved to kick him away, but another grabbed her ankle as soon as it lifted. She lifted her head and watched helplessly as he knelt between her thighs, one hand holding his fat veiny cock as he guided it into her. She attempted to squirm away from him as she felt him rubbing the smooth head of his cock against her pink slit, still tight even after all the punishment it had received. She had thought being able to see would be better, but as he slid into her, his body weight pressing her down into the soft embrace of the bed and his large rounded stomach bearing down on her own flat, toned one, she wished she was blind.

She closed her eyes as he speared into her, his fat cock spreading her tight cunt yet again. She flinched away as he began to kiss the soft, freckled skin of her cheeks, and rough hands grabbed her jaw, forcing her mouth open. The mans hot, stinking breath washed over her, and his tongue was forced into her open mouth. She felt every thrust as he pushed into her, pumping into the beautiful teen beneath him, slobbering all over her as his slimy tongue seemed to crawl down her throat, bringing the taste and smell of beer with it.

Her left hand was released, and she weakly attempted to push away the thrusting behemoth on top of her. He moved to to the side, and she was temporarily relieved as his slobbery mouth left hers and started suckong her neck. Then she felt a weight on the left side of the bed, and all relief was gone when she turned her head and saw the naked body of another man on his knees beside her, his veiny erection pointed straight at her face.

More hands grabbed her, someone painfully twisting one of her nipples as another gripped her delicate chin, fingers digging in to force her mouth open. She attempted to push away,  but someone grabbed her free hand once more. She stared helplessly at the large cock pointed at her face, squirming as the rakish old man attached to it shuffled forward. She attempted to shut her lips against it as the rounded head pushed forwards, and the hand gripping her chin tightened. Then her eyes were drawn past the men to the blonde girl standing a few meters past.

"Play along and it will be over soon" Angel said softly, a worried expression on her face.

Emily closed her eyes and opened her mouth, forcing her body to relax. The bitter taste filled her mouth as she wrapped her lips around the mans shaft, and he slid in until his cock touched the back of her throat.

The hands holding her seemed to relax, and the overweight man on top of her began to quicken his pace. The vice like grip on her ankles were gone, and even that small freedom, the freedom to move her legs, felt heavenly after these hours of being held immobile. She stretched her legs, allowing the man inside her to thrust deeper, and a soft moan escaped the lips wrapped around the second mans cock.

Sensing that she had relaxed and accepted her fate, the men redoubled their efforts. Emily could feel a burning desire in her loins, and her mind seemed sluggish. She had no experience with drugs, but she knew the pills Angel had fed her were taking an effect. Even the overweight pig driving his cock into her seemed more pleasant now, and the shame and humiliation she felt was being numbed as the pleasure seemed to blossom, drowning out the horrors.

She felt a hand stroking her hair, and looked up at the man in front of her face as she let her lips wrap around his thrusting cock, her eyes roaming up his thin body to the hardened face. His fingers tangled in her soft red hair as he pulled her forward, his thick shaft sliding smoothly into her throat.

"Yes sweetie, suck that cock"

Feeling the effect of the drugs in her system taking control, she opened her gymnast trained legs even wider for the man on top of her, moaning softly as he slid balls-deep inside her and she let her bodies' instincts take over.

***

I watched in wonder as Angels pills took effect. Her ability to manipulate people into doing what she wanted never ceased to amaze me, and as I watched our young captive moving willingly between the two middle-aged men fucking her, I reminded myself yet again to never underestimate my manipulative blonde assistant.

In just minutes, Emily had gone from the broken rape victim to a lust-filled slut. I suspected a part of that may have been a mask, a way of hiding the underlying fear, but to the cameras it mattered little.

Soon the man on top of her was grunting hard, his thrusts becoming shorter and faster, and then he came, his thick cum shooting inside little Emily to mix with the rest of that inside her, and another man replaced him almost immediately.

She appeared to be focused entirely on the man in her mouth, running her lips up and down the lucky cock as if it were nothing new to her. He was getting rougher, holding her hair tightly and forcing himself deeper into her throat. I worried I may need to remind him to be gentle, but before I could move he was cumming, holding her tightly with his cock deep down her throat as she desperately attempted to swallow, her eyes watering. He pulled away and she gasped as he slid out, a strand of saliva and cum stretching out from her mouth to his cock.

Then he was gone, and she turned her attention to the man fucking her, a young man in his twenties. His hands gripped her waist tightly as someone nearby called out encouragement, and she wrapped her legs around his waist to draw him in as he sloppily kissed her now unattended mouth. Then he too came, and the men cheered as yet another two climbed into the bed with her.

She spread her legs, a dribble of cum leaking from her sore, abused little pink slit. A dreamy smile was plastered across her face, and her eyes were glazed. I could tell she was hopelessly stoned.

One of the men pulled her to him, rolling her limp form onto his hairy body, her legs splayed on either side of his hips. A big, meaty hand held his engorged cock and another squeezing her pale round ass as he guided her down. She gasped as he entered her, and smiled back at the second man as he climbed up onto the bed behind her. She seemed to settle on the man she was straddling, sliding further down his length as the newcomer grabbed her firm ass cheeks and spread them apart, pushing his hips forward to place the head of his penis against her butthole.

Then he thrust home, impaling her tight ass.

The girl cried out as yet another cock entered her, and for an instant the facade cracked; her smile disappeared, a look of fear on her pretty face. She seemed to struggle for a second, then her eyes fell on Angel, who gave her a convincing sympathetic look and mouthed something I couldnt catch. Emily regained her composure and stopped struggling as the man behind her began to knead her round ass cheeks, the surge of adrenaline gone. She forced a smile and surrendered to the drugs once again as her pale body jolted back and forth between the two men filling her.

Now a third man climbed onto the bed, his own shaft at attention, and soon the small pale body was lost beneath a pile of my perverted associates, an occasional high pitched moan or squeel the only reminder she was still there.

*****

Emily lost track of time as the drugs overwhelmed her. She may have even lost consciousness, but the men didn't notice or care. She could feel the constant rocking motion of their bodies, feel the fullness as their hard organs moved in concert within her. She could taste the salty taste of cum as yet another spilled his seed into her mouth, and the overpowering, chemically induced sense of desire on top of it all.

Eventually the cocks left her, and part of her mind wished they would return, wished they would fill her once more. She opened her eyes as she was pulled from the bed and found herself on her knees.

A smile crossed her adorable young face as she looked around to see the men pressed in a semicircle around her, their erect shafts pointing towards her as they stroked. She reached out, wrapping her small, soft hands around two of the closest and began to stroke them. Another man stepped close behind her, and she leaned her head back as his cock rested heavily on her cheek, turning her head to wrap her lips around his thick, meaty shaft.

It wasn't long before one of the men began to cum, a spurt of his hot sperm spattering on her forehead to run down her face. She smiled dreamily and tilted her head back further, opening her mouth as more of the men began to cum, most of it hitting her cheeks as she tried to catch as much as she could, savoring salty taste. Her drug addled mind felt dim satisfaction in the fact that right now, she was the center the world for these men. She was all that mattered to these men as they jerked themselves into a frenzy, admiring her young body as they stood over her, raining sperm onto her smiling face.

Soon she was covered in cum, the thick warm goop splattered all over her hair and face, filling her small mouth and running down her chin to drip onto her perky young breasts.

She stayed there until the cum stopped, lazily taking the nearest cock in her mouth and sucking the lucky man clean of every drop.

Then she was up, gentle hands leading her back to the bench while Angels soft voice commanded her to climb up and lay down on it once more. She obediently put her head into the stocks again while Angel took a warm, wet cloth and gently cleaned her smiling face and tired body. The last thing Emily saw before she lost consciousness was Angel smiling sweetly as she kissed the smooth, freshly cleaned skin.

*****

She came to shortly after, the stocks closed around her, trapping her head and hands once more, with Angel standing over her.

"Did you have fun being fucked by daddy?"

"Mmm", Emily moaned in reply, watching the screens as the familiar form of the host began to rub himself against the entrance to her tight little pink slit on the other side of the dividing wall. "Dad was soooo good"

Angel seemed happy with that answer, pulling up a seat and leaning in close as Emily raised her hips for the host to slide himself into her. "Pretend that's him again. Tell him how good it feels."

*****







Review This Story
 || Email Author:   SomethingNasty


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





