BDSM Library - 24 Hours in the Life of a Slave




24 Hours in the Life of a Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  From waking up until going to sleep, an entire day in the life of a 24/7 Slave.






24 Hours in the Life of a Slave
-------------------------------

I awoke to Master teasing my clit with his fingers. I moaned and pulled at the restraints binding me to the bed, wanting more - afterall, it had been a week since my last orgasm. Struggling however was useless with my arms cuffed in front of me and chained to the headboard so I couldn't reach below my breasts and my ankles cuffed and chained to the foot of the bed with only a little slack - both complete with padlocks. After months of sleeping this way, I had grown accustomed to it despite there being no real comfortable position. To make the scene complete, I also sleep blindfolded and with my collar on, which is tied to the headboard as well. And Master chooses for me to sleep in the nude. Master had managed to push a gag into my mouth without me waking.
Master continued teasing my clit, despite my moans behind the gag. This had been the longest Master had denied any pleasure for me. After many punishments and practice, I can only orgasm when he orders me to and have mostly learned to hold them off until I have his permission. This does not mean he has to stop with whatever he wishes to do to me, such as sex. As Master continued teasing my clit and randomly fingering my vagina, I couldn't help whining. Master slapped my breast, "Hush Slave!" After bringing me to the brink of cumming a half a dozen times, he finally stopped and I was out of breath from trying to keep from cumming. Master unchained my wrist cuffs from the head of the bed and the same with my ankle cuffs and collar. I immediately got up and after a quick stretch, bent over the bed for my morning spanking. My wrists were still cuffed together in front of me and my ankles still having the hobble chain between them - they are only removed for showers, like the collar.
After finishing my morning spanking and teasing me some more, Master said, "Ok, you have three minutes to use the restroom and then you are to be in the kitchen fixing breakfast. Pancakes for me and the usual cereal for you of course. You may remove the gag once you are in the kitchen." I quickly hurried for the bathroom since I had been about to pee for hours. I finished with the bathroom and proceeded into the kitchen and made breakfast. I sat Master's breakfast at his place at the table and knelt and sat my bowl on the ground near his chair. After Master had seated and started his breakfast, I started with the dry cereal in the bowl for me - eating without using my hands, as is the rule with breakfast. When we both had finished and after Master had allowed me the glass of water on the table, I removed our plates and took them into the kitchen to do the dishes. Once everything was cleaned, dried, and put away neatly, I joined Master where he had went to his den and knelt near his desk, with my knees wide like I had learned. To be close enough for him to be able to play if he liked, it meant I could see the computer so Master added the usual blindfold. I felt very lucky that I had long since earned a cushion to kneel on and that it was only removed if I had been very bad.
After awhile, Master removed my blindfold and told me to bend over the desk. After adding toys and locking on the chastity belt, Master handed me a list of chores. "I expect all of these to be done by lunch time. It's time for me to leave for work, but I'll be home at lunch to check." With that said and a quick kiss good-bye, Master left. I set to work on the chores. The list of chores was long and I had barely finished when I heard the front door being unlocked - I quickly hurried and got into a kneeling position before the door was opened. As Master passed me to check if the chores were completed, I remembered I had forgotten to put away some of the laundry and that it was still sitting on top of the dryer. Master returned and pointed this out to me. "Go in the living room right now and bend over the arm of the sofa and await your punishment." I did as I was told and waited until Master had finished the lunch I had made him before he returned to the room I was in. "So, bad girl, I have to punish you for your disobedience. Your orders were simple and you still did not obey." With that said, Master took off his belt and whipped me with it. It was all I could do not to cry out, but I knew it would further my punishment and that I was not allowed to speak without permission. Once the whipping had finished, Master said, "I was going to be lenient and let you have the rest of the day to do what you wanted...but since you did not obey me, you will be spending the rest of the time I'm at work in your cage." Master attached the leash to my collar and pulled it down, signalling for me to crawl after him. With tears on my cheeks, I crawled after him knowing I deserved whatever he chose for not being a good girl for him and for taking breaks between chores, causing myself to run out of time. I followed him to the room I was in this morning and into the cage. After I got in, Master unattached my leash and then closed and locked the door to the cage. "Hopefully you will have enough time to think about how bad you are. See you tonight." Master then left, leaving me there. The cage was barely big enough to move around in and I could only lay if I was curled up.
What seemed like eons passed before Master returned and opened the door to the room I was in. "Is my slut remorseful for being such a bad girl this morning?" I nodded that I had and Master unlocked the door to the cage. Master kissed me and said, "I forgive you, bad girl, and I even ordered dinner. You must be starving since you missed lunch." I nodded, despite my thirst being more overwhelming than my hunger. Master must have been thinking the same since he said, "Go and fetch us both drinks and meet me in the living room." I did as told, getting Master a soda and me a glass of water since it's all I'm allowed without direct permission. I handed Master his soda, knelt down at his feet, and gulped down at least half the water at once. Master then motioned for me to kneel in front of him and undid his pants before changing my wrist cuffs to behind my back. I happily took his cock in my mouth, remembering the days when I used to refuse and the punishments I had taken for refusing. The trick seemed to be three days of intense whippings while not being touched sexily and being locked in the chastity belt. Now it was second nature to me. Master came right after handing me a cup to spit out his semen, knowing it would trigger my gag reflex. Then Master redid his pants right before the doorbell rang. Master returned with the pizza, fastened my wrist cuffs so my arms would be cuffed in front of me, and gave permission for me to sit on the sofa to eat and watch TV with him. Once we had eaten and the movie was off, Master said, "Put away the leftovers and then return and bend over the sofa. I then will take off the chastity belt since I want access to you." I did as ordered and then Master removed the belt. I sighed in relief since I hate wearing it and Master chuckled to himself. "Feel better, Slave? Feel free to answer the question." I answered with a simple, "Yes, Master. Much better." Master motioned for me to follow him.
We entered his bedroom. It was more furnished than mine. My bedroom only had my single bed, a small dresser that is locked, a wardrobe that is also locked, and the toy chest. My few clothes are kept under lock so I have to stay nude for Master, though by now I would anyways. His bedroom has a large bed, nice sitting chairs, a large dresser, an armoire containing a TV, and a large closet. I am usually only in his room for sex and play - being allowed to sleep in this room maybe one or two nights a week if I've been extremely obedient. "Get on the bed on your back and assume the spread-eagle position." I did as ordered and Master unattached my wrist cuffs from one another and then tied them to the posts of his headboard. The hobble chain was then removed from my ankle cuffs and then they were bent and then my ankle cuffs tied to each side of the bed about halfway up. I was left in a vulnerable position, being openly spread open. Master then proceeded to remove his clothes before joining me and fucking me roughly. "You know the rules - no cumming unless I order you to. You've been obedient all week with holding it, don't make me punish you now and make you wait a month next time." I was able to sink my fingers into the pillows, grasping them to try to hold back cumming. I opened my mouth to protest, to warn him that I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold it when he pushed the ball gag back into my mouth. I whimpered and squirmed and struggled, desperate with want and to try to please Master by not cumming. "Cum NOW, Slut." I cried out from behind the gag with pleasure from the release, riding the waves of pleasure going through my body. I practically passed out from the pleasure.
As I started to recover, I felt Master unattaching my cuffs from the bed and removing them, the gag, and the collar. "Good girl, Slave...though even with the gag, I bet the neighbors heard you tonight." I couldn't help but blush. "Now go and take a shower. You may take as long as you like." I walked into the restroom and started the shower and proceeded to take the shower. Despite just being allowed to cum, I felt the want rising in me - I had always been the type to want several orgasms together and not just one. I hurried and finished the shower, not trusting myself not to play if I lingered too long. I dried off and returned to Master's bedroom where he was waiting. Master returned the collar and cuffs back to usual, checking to make sure they were securely locked. "I think I'll forget about your disobedience earlier considering you were so good this week with not cumming. Would you like to sleep in here tonight?" Master said, knowing I always want to. I nodded and said, "Yes, Master, please. I would greatly enjoy it." I bent over the edge of the bed for my nightly spanking. After receiving it, Master then motioned for me to climb into bed. Getting to sleep with Master also meant not having my cuffs attached to the bed, so I curled up next to him and happily fell asleep.

THE END



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  OddCupake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





