BDSM Library - Careful What You Sext




Careful What You Sext
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  When Christine finds out her beloved husband is cheating on her, she gets revenge on the slut who tried to steal him away, in a rather poetic and fitting fashion.








&nbsp;&nbsp; The smell of sweat and sex has taken over from the musty and muddy smell of the closed space. Her dress stuck on her skin, her pussy on fire. It's almost completely dark. Only thing that can be seen is a green light. It momentarily dissapears, before appearing just as quick. Light and darkness, alternating fast, rythmically. A seemingly endless dance of green light, flashing on and off. Another clicking sound breaks the monotony of the machine's humming, followed by a soft moan, and the light suddenly flickers at a quicker pace. She has no idea it's only Saturday morning.







&nbsp;&nbsp; Christine was a 41-year-old, accomplished engineer, whose marriage to her husband, Rick, was going through some turbulence. She loved him to death and was trying to make it work, but lately he seemed distant. At nights, he'd go right to sleep, saying how he was exhausted after work.Something was wrong. Rick was a few years younger than her, a fact that always roamed around Christine's mind. As much in love as she was, she was also extremely possesive, and was afraid that as the years passed, some young slut might steal him away from her. She kept herself in shape, going to the gym daily, and dressed up for him regularly, but that fear never left her.



Unfortunately for Christine, that fear became reality. As her man's returns from work were occuring later and later each week, Christine took the opportunity to rummage through his phone-texts, one time he was in the shower. She sat there reading all this written filth, between her husband and Tanya, a girl working on Rick's associate company.





"i bet i can fit the whole thing in my mouth xxx" 



"i love how fast you drill my pussy."



"that clueless wife of yours doesn't know what a good cock she's missing :P"



"i would ride your cock for hours non-stop, baby"



"Friday night. If you were here, we would go on for the whole weekend! xxxxxx"







&nbsp;&nbsp; Those were some of the sexts she found on Rick's phone. Her eyes were then drawn to the small thumbnail, next to a full name: Tanya Jerebko. Christine looked at the photo, showing a young, eastern european blonde, with a sexy smirk on her face. She clearly knew how to drive a man crazy with lust. Pain and anger were manifesting themselves inside Christine, how could she not be hurt? But, she was determined. Slowly these feeling gave way to a new one, an idea, sparked in her mind. She would get her beloved husband back, and 

more, makes this bitch pay for trying to steal him away.



"Honey? honeyyyy?" Rick's voice snapped Christine from her thoughts. "Yes, love?" she quickly put the phone back in its place. "Can you get me a towel, we're out of clean ones here."



"Off course, my love", she replied. As she went to bring him the fresh towel, a twisted smile was stuck on her face. She knew what she had to do.







&nbsp;&nbsp; For the next few days, Christine called in sick to work. She needed time to prepare what she would need, but also to spy on the unsuspecting woman. It wasn't hard after knowing her full name, to look her up in social media. The girl had her address online. Christine saw it was a house in the suburbs, a perfectly peaceful region for what she had in mind. Browsing through her feed, she found a picture of what was her old, unused, basement, with the caption #spooky. It had two wooden pollars on the center, with metal rings screwed 

in their sides. Her eyes lit up, this would be easier than she imagined. 



Next, she needed a scapegoat. She had found it in one of her coworkers, Jim, an introverted, passive guy. She had heard from work that he was on one of those dating sites. Christine made a profil as Tanya Jerebko, using her profile pics, and quickly begun chatting him up. He, of course, responded with enthusiasm, without knowing the real Tanya had no idea of his existence. Most of her time, Christine spent in her workshop, designing and crafting her creation. Rick didn't pay much attention to her secluded work. For what he knew, she was probably working on something for the company or was just browsing the internet.

&nbsp;&nbsp; 





&nbsp;&nbsp; Till came Friday. Everything was in place. It was about 6 in the afternoon and Rick had just arrived from work. The older woman, brushed her long, dark hair with her fingers, as she waited for Jim's responce on the instant messenger. She was fake-flirting with him every day since, and had him all wrapped up."Sure, 8 o'clock sounds great, I'll see you then!", he replied in a second. It was too easy, Christine thought. She went and dressed, in a full black tracksuit and pants, there was still work to be done, after all, apart from unloading her creation on the truck of her car. She was done with that before Rick's return. While her husband was taking his after-work-shower, Tanya grab his phone and texted Tanya the following:





"I told her i'll be on a business trip for the weekend, i'm coming over right now. Make sure no one bothers us until Monday! And another thing, put on the sexiest dress you got."



She hit send and immediately erased it from the phone's memory. She told Rick she was going for her usual gym session, and left home.







&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya was very excited. Finally, a whole weekend with Rick. She always pushed him to dedicate more and more of his time for her. Her sister had plans of visiting her this Saturday, but Tanya cancelled them with some casual "feeling sick" excuse. A different weekend was ahead. She wore a skimpy, black dress with silver, sparkly strips running down it's length and black, long heels. The dress ended just under her buttcheeks and had a generous cleavage that showed of her DD breasts. With her blond hair parted on the one side, and bright 

red lipstick, she was oozing sex. To put the icing on the cake, she had a little surprise for her lover. She was going to greet him without any panties on. 



It was about 7:30 and the sun was almost gone when she heard the doorbell ring. "That must be him!", she thought, and rushed to the door. The sight of a strange woman, confused her. "Hello, sorry for bothering you, i was just jogging in the neighbourhood and run out of water. Since, i don't see any stores nearby, could i trouble you for a glass?"



Tanya recovered from the shock, "ofcourse, come in", she let Christine inside. Turning towards the kitchen sink, Tanya never show the woman pull out a chloroform soaked cloth from her pocket. She did not stand a chance against the stronger Christine. As her limp body fell to the floor, Christine took a hold of the girl's cellphone and deleted the message received from Rick's phone, along with all the previous ones from her husband. "Done with that", she thought. No one could suspect Rick, now.





&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya slowly regained her senses. She tried to move, but couldn't. She was still in her outfit, but felt her limbs stretched, along with a stretching pain between her legs. She was standing between the two pillars of her own, dirty basement, propped on a sybian, with a large dildo forced inside her pussy. Her hands were tied with rope to each metal hook on each pillar, raising them slightly over her shoulders. Her legs were bound as well, to two hooks screwed in the back of the machine, securing her ankles, and the front, for her knees. With her thighs open like that, her slutty dress now did nothing to hide her ass and crotch.



"Thanks for going commando for me, honey. It was a busy day and i appreciate any help." Christine was standing in front of her, with the look of a spider seeing a fly get caught on her web. "Who the fuck are, you? what do you want from me?" Yelled the blond girl, trying to sound angry, but betraying her fear.



"I'm here because you tried to take away my husband. And i'm not forgiving to bitches who take people's husbands", the woman replied with a cold stare this time.







&nbsp;&nbsp; The girl started begging, teary-eyed, for forgiveness, promising how she would leave Rick, how it meant nothing, how Christine would never see her again if she let her go, but it didn't matter. Christine walked behind the girl, who was now panickly pulling on the rigid ropes on her wrists, holding a device, it looked like a penis gag, it's length was about 8 inches and its girth was very generous. But what made it unique was its design. In the penis' base were attached two bars, one on either side, which, ended on the gag's sides and were connected to a bluetooth mechanism. This could signal the bars to move across two respective straight gears, one tooth inwards at a time. Similar to how zip ties work, the gear's teeth held the bars (and therefore the gag) in place and from going back to the previous tooth.



Tanya looked at the weird device, and her despair hit red. "HEEEEEEE..", her scream was muffled by Christine's hand over her mouth. "Quiet, now, i know this is a basement and all, but someone still could hear us. We don't want anyone spoiling your perfect weekend, do we?" As soon as she removed her hand from Tanya's mouth, she shoved the mean gag inside it, silencing her yet again. She made sure it was deep enough so the girl could not spit it out, and buckled it tight, securing it with a small padlock, too. Holding a tuft of her victim's hair tightly with one hand, she turned the small switch on the bluetooth receiver with the other, then releasing her grip with a mean toss on Tanya's hair.



As her blond captive tried to protest throught the plastic dick, without success, Christine moved again in front of her to show her the last piece of her device. It was a light tracking device, placed on a the same height as the sybian's dildo.



"Step out of that dildo for a second", Christine said. Tanya was puzzled but tried to push herself out with her feet, but as she had done from the start, they wouldn't budge. Only way she could move was with her hips. She carefully raised herself from the same, 8-inch dick replica as the one on her mouth. There wasn't any lubricant to help her, physical or other. She saw green light coming from the large phallus. About two thirds of it, starting from the base, where emmiting this strong, almost mezmering light. Christine explained how the light was tracked by the receiver in front of Tanya, which could in turn send signals to her gag.







&nbsp;&nbsp; "I read all those sexy messages you sent him. All about fitting whole shafts in your mouth, and how fast you like to be fucked, and how you'd ride him for hours. So, i thought i put that to the test. Can you really fuck for an entire weekend, slut?" She asked the girl, with a smile. Tanya's wide eyes, showed she didn't like the answer to that question.



"I figured a proper slut should take dick at at least 100 bpms. That receiver has to see the whole lit surface, so you won't be cheating on your pumps. A true slut feels the shaft at every stroke, right?" She got no responce from the petrified girl, so she kept explaining. "Basically, the receiver must see the light flash at 100 bpms or faster. If it doesn't see that pattern, or sees a slower one, for 5 seconds straight, it triggers the mechanism on the gag by a click. Each click will move the gag deeper about 1 millimeter. But those clicks add up. So, you better fuck that dildo well, cause that gag will really restrain your ability to breath, after a while. Ofcourse, if you can take all 8 inches down your throat, who am i to judge?" Christine smiled sadistically.







&nbsp;&nbsp; "Let's do a test, so you can see. I want to be fair to you after all, you have a reputation to prove here." she kept teasing the blond. "Oh, i almost forgot", she said and clicked the sybian's remote at high. It sprang to life with a buzzing sound, driving Tanya insane with sexual stimulation. Christine then turned the receiver on. Tanya just stood there, almost taken aback from the vibrations in her pussy, until she heard a small click, and the penis moved a bit deeper. 



Tanya moaned again at Christine, probably cursing her out, and something about letting her go, but Christine couldn't understand her with the fake dick in her mouth. Another click was heard and Tanya realised she had to do something. Blushing with shame, she started bouncing up and down the green shaft, first slowly, and when she realised with a third click it wasn't enough, faster. The plastic cock's head was already laying on the back of her tongue.



"You'll get the hang of it", Christine mockingly encouraged the girl, watching her for a good minute. "Good, i have to go, now, my husband will be worried if i'm late for dinner. I guess on Monday, people from your work will probably start looking for you when you don't show up. I don't suppose anyone will come by here sooner." she told Tanya. She knew it was the truth. 



She left the machine's design plans, with her company's logo on them. That would turn the police where Jim worked, and when they'd see his non-existant alibi about his Friday night whereabouts and their chat history on his pc, it would be case closed. Christine gave the girl a kiss on the head and left her, closing the basement's lights and door on her way out.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Denkira


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





