BDSM Library - Her Mermaid




Her Mermaid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A hurt woman visits her ex-girlfriend, with plans for a last cruise trip together.








&nbsp;&nbsp; She always liked when Helen called her "her mermaid". They had promised each other they would be together forever. Helen kept her promise, but she didn't. She found a wealthy man, and with him, a way to an easier life. She had tried to explain her decision to Helen, but the truth was, she had betrayed their love. Devastated and heartbroken, Helen left the mansion that was to become her ex-lover's new home, with one thought in her mind.







&nbsp;&nbsp; Helen was now prepared. Everything she needed was in a black sports bag, waiting for her at home. The breaking and entering wasn't a easy task, but she didn't care anymore. She had lost the most valuable thing in her life. That was the young woman that was sound asleep, when Helen quietly entered her bedroom. Her fiance traveled a lot for business, and so, she was alone in the large house. Helen walked carefully towards the bed, her long blonde hair the only thing sticking out on her all-black outfit. She stood above her. She was really beautiful, with her red curly hair and gorgeous form, obvious through the thin sheet. She took out an ether soaked rag and pressed it tighly over the girl's face. She immediately opened her eyes and her shock became greater, when she saw who the intruder was. Helen looked straight into her eyes, until they lost focus and the young woman became limp.







&nbsp; &amp;nbspHelen got to work. She quickly tied the girl's wrist and elbows behind her back, painfully tight. A piece of clear tape was placed over her red lips. From afar it didn't look suspicious. When the girl woke up she looked at her captor angry. Has she lost her mind? 



"We're taking a cruise together, you and i." she said assertively, and produce a hand gun in her hand. The girl's angry moans suddenly turned to frightened pleas, as she understood the weight of the situation. Could Helen really hurt her?



The girl had been kidnapped in her nightgown, she wasn't wearing underwear that night. Helen produced a pair of heels and and a long, black trench-coat. These two items were enough for her plans. Helen put the coat over her secured hands and shoulders and buttoned it closed. After putting her captive's feet on the heels, she took two smaller pieces of the clear tape and turned to face her captive. "Night-night", she said and pressed the tape over her eyes, blinding her. She placed a pair of sunglasses on the girl's face, obscuring her eyes. "Let's go, and don't make any trouble", she warned her and picked her up.







&nbsp;&nbsp; The young redhead's bondage was oblivious to anyone they passed through. Helen held the girl by her waist at all times, the threat of the handgun constantly imminent. Completely blind, she could only follow the woman that had put her into this, wherever she'd go. She was shaking in fear as they walked, but a few jabs of the gun's point forced her to compose herself.



They reached a big cruise ship. It was about to set sail, Helen had timed it perfectly. Noise from the crowded vessel was heard throughout the ship, drowning any soft moan. After quickly checking in the ship, Helen guided her ex-lover straight into their cabin. As the ship begun its journey, Helen finally let the girl see. She was ready to burst into tears, probably holding them for a while. Helen sat in the bed next to her, looking at her, deep in thought. "How could you do this to me?!" she finally yelled at the gagged woman. "We were supposed to be together, and you went and fucked everything up!" The bound girl started whiping, afraid and sad at the same time.







&nbsp;&nbsp; They both snuggled on the small cabin's single bed. Helen had taped the girl's feet, along with her hands and lips. The coat and shoes were off, leaving her in her satin, light purple nighty. They would sleep for one last time together, Helen held her tightly against her skin, her arms around the girl's waist and belly. She'd sleep on the outside of the bed, so her captive couldn't crawl her way past her. Helen missed the smell of her red hair, the feeling of her pale, beautiful skin. She wanted to savour all of it.



It wasn't long before she could not hold herself anymore. She begun feeling the girl up from under her nightgown. The girl let out a moan and her nostrils huffed, as she felt Helen's hands on her, one going up and groping her breast, while the other went down to her naked crotch. Heavy breathing and moans continued as Helen started massaging the clit. She knew just how to touch her, she had done it countless time. Her face was buried to the side of the ginger's head, and Helen took big sniffs of her hair. She was now pleasuring both the girl's and her own juicebox, spooning her from top to bottom. The gagged woman was helpless to stop the invasion, fingers were now inside her, it didn't took long before she moaned in ecstasy through her gag, following seconds later by her captor. 







&nbsp;&nbsp; Tomorrow, Helen woke and looked throught the small, circle window of their cabin. They were pretty deep into the ocean, now. She waited until night time, when almost everyone on board was asleep. The girl watched as Helen unzipped the large black bag, she was carrying from the beginning. She look worried and confused when she saw Helen take what looked like a diver's oxygen tank and a latex mermaid's tail, out of the bag. She also took out a fully submergeable, vibrating dildo. 



The girl started screaming as Helen removed the only clothing on her her. Her mouth was taped shut, but Helen still feared they might alarm the other passengers. She pinched the woman's nose with her fingers, and whispered angrily to her. "I can kill you here and now if i want to, stop it!" She held her hand there for a bit, to send the girl a message. When she released it, giving the girl precious air, she didn't made a sound again. Only soft sobs were heard, until the girl was stripped totally nude.







&nbsp;&nbsp; First, she saw her ex take out a box of powder fish-food, along with some water-resistant glue. She raised her eyebrow in confusion, seeing the woman apply the liquid glue on her exposed areolas. Bound as she was, she simply watched as then Helen put the nutritious powder and smeared it on and around her nipples until it was generously covered.



Helen then took the vibrator and without a hint, shoved it violently between the woman's legs and turned it on. The batteries would last way longer than necessary. The girl's moans were very different now, as the powerful vibrations send waves of pleasure to her body. Helen retied her legs together and slipped the latex tail on her. It was very pretty, a light green color, and it fitted snuggly around her legs and waist. Helen tied it airtight around her waist with tape.



"Here's something to remember me by" said Helen and took of her panties. She purposely wore them for a week, and took the opportunity to wipe her sex juices the night before with them, along with the girl's fluids. They were properly soaked in squirt, sweat and filth. She pulled the tape off, and stuffed the panties in the girl's mouth, only to tape them shut again. She would have her lover's taste in her mouth until the end.



Lastly, the air tank was tied behind her back with some rope, and a connecting mask was strapped on her face. Helen put on a pair of plugs on the girl's ears and carefully led her out of the room. She made sure now one was in the corridor and carried the bound mermaid on her back until they reached a stern. She positioned the young girl on the edge of the rail. The girl was screaming and shaking her head left and right, pleading for mercy, under the moon's light. Helen produced a small device, like a button, and clicked something on it. She then put it inside the girl's tail, so she couldn't break away from it. "Goodbye my sweet mermaid", she said calmly and kissed the girl on the forehead. The next moment she was pushed off the boat and into the ocean.







&nbsp;&nbsp; The button that had been placed along with her, was a pressure meter, that was connected wirelessly to the vibrator. If the pressure deceeded 14.22psi, it would send a strong electric shock via the dildo that was deep inside her pussy. That meant that she could only swim 10 meters bellow the surface or deeper, without being painfully shocked. So, even if she did manage to miraculously come by some other ship, they would never be able to spot her.



All she could do was swim in the deep, a prisoner of the environment she now, belonged to. Someone can live without water for up to 5 or 6 days, but in her case, the orgasms brought by the everpresent buzz of the dildo, exhausted her fast and dehydrated her faster. Her bound hands were useless to relieve her from the wave of pleasure and from stopping the fish from nibbling on her poor areolas, trying to take the delicious powder stuck on them. 



She was quickly turned into a unique, writhing sea-creature, the pleasure between her legs now bringing her painful, orgasming spasms. The taste of Helen's fluid-cocktail in her mouth, was a constant reminder of her betrayal. 









&nbsp;&nbsp; It's been three days. Helen looks off into the distance as the ship continues its course. Her mermaid is finally home.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Denkira


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





