BDSM Library - A Punishment of Predicaments




A Punishment of Predicaments
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    In which I am severely punished through a series of predicaments






﻿"That's the third time you've failed me." His voice was low and filled with fury; as if I had purposefully disobeyed him. I wanted to tell him how hard I really tried, to beg or throw myself at his mercy; but I knew it wasn't done. So I stood silent and trembling, unable to look at him as I felt his presence tower over me. "You brought this on yourself so you can administer your punishment to yourself." Terrified, I braved a brief glance at his face and the look I saw made me wish I could disappear into the ground.



"Come." Abruptly, he turned away and went to the basement where all the pain was dished out. Not wanting to follow, too scared to disobey, I scurried after him, desparately hoping that the punishment would be swift. Down the stairs, I turned and saw a sight that made me freeze.



In the middle of the room, a large dildo was mounted to a spring piston secured to the floor. The dildo was about 10" long, with a series of solid ridges spaced an inch apart. It was tapered on both ends with the middle flaring out to over 3" in width. He stood beside it, holding a double butt plug. A cold smile played on his lips as he saw my reaction.



"Come" He repeated, using that voice that I knew all too well not to argue with. Whimpering, I forced my feet to walk up to the formidable object awaiting me. "Let me explain to you what your punishment is. Since your muscles are too weak to do your job properly, you will do 40 squats and 40 calve raises. You'll be glad to know that you won't have to take in the entire dildo. Once the dildo meets a set amount of resistance, the spring will compress and take it down the rest of the way. Of course, the pressure will be intense, but nothing that will permanently damage your insides. As you perform you're squats, you'll naturally pull the dildo in and out of you."



Taking my hands, he ran them up and down the ridges of the dildo. "You can feel how the ridges are not smooth but rather stiff and deep, with the edges slightly sharp. After all, this is a punishment and it wouldn't do for it to stimulate you the wrong way. The edges also concave slightly downwards. You'll feel the friction on your squat down but as you stand back up, the ridges will catch your vagina as if it wants to take out some flesh with the dildo."



"Pleeeasse. I can't, i can't take..." The plea escaped my lips as panic bubbled through me. I knew to object to a punishment would likely risk more punishment, or at best be ignored, but I couldn't seem to control my fear. If it was not for his firm grip on my arm, I would've collapsed on my shaking legs. 



"You may lubricate the dildo if you'd like." He allowed.

"Oh Thank you m'Lord!" I tearfully gasped. Unlike the girls who were kept as sex slaves, I was never able to lubricate in pain and I knew something as big as that would have me bleeding in minutes. He handed me a tube and my heart stopped.



Icy Hot Extra Strength. Used as a muscle relaxant, this cream would burn like no tomorrow if applied to my most sensitive region. Dumbfounded, I stood holding the tube. I looked at him, pleading with my eyes that this was some mistake.



"Your choice: Do you want with lubrication or without?" His stare bore into me, his voice telling me to choose quickly or he would choose the worst for me. 



Crying, helpless, I opened the tube, squeezed out a liberal amount and began rubbing it over the dildo. My hands shook as I realized I was only adding to my own pain to come.



"Now let's get you prepared. Here, you may as well squeeze a dollop of that lube here too." My head numb with fear, I obediently squeezed some onto a double butt plug that he was holding, my brain no longer able to process the upcoming pain.



Bending me over on my knees, he kicked my legs apart and pushed the butt plug in. Gasping, I felt the flash of pain as the thickest part went in and my sphincter closed onto the narrow base. I felt him inflate the plug, securing it tightly both inside and outside my hole.



2 boxes were placed on either side of the dildo, a little wider than shoulder width apart. Placing a foot on either box, I straddled the pole as he leaned down and adjusted the height. I gasped as it pushed against me and tried to rise on my toes but his pressure on my shoulder kept me firmly down. Inevitably my walls parted to let the intruder in, and I cried out with despair as I felt myself being split in 2. As promised, every ridge seemed to catch my innards, intensifying the feeling as it was shoved deeper and deeper in me. 



When the widest part was wedged into me, he stopped and grabbed my ears pulling them painfully upward. I quickly pushed myself onto my tiptoes to try and alleviate the pain and as I did so, the dildo brutally ripped a few inches down my pussy. So intense was the pain that for a brief moment, I saw spots and felt I couldn't breath. Still he continued to yank my ears upward. But even on my toes, I still had a good 1.5" of dildo impaled in me. Satisfied, he released me and in relief, I plopped to the flat of my feet, causing another cry of pain as I felt the intruder rip into me. 



Tears poured from my eyes as the Icy Hot had begun to work and I could feel the burn spreading in my ass and pussy. I involuntarily began to fidget, clenching and pushing at my butt plug, shifting my weight to press against my throbbing pussy. Nothing helped and the burn mounted; All my shifting only heightened my senses of the items brutally invading my openings.



Moving quickly, he adjusted the height of a large clear bucket that was suspended from the ceiling so that the opening was just within my reach if I stood on my tiptoes and stretched my arms up. Another larger bucket filled with ice &amp; water was placed between the boxes my feet stood on. I felt him attach something to my butt plug but before I had a chance to&nbsp; reach back and feel what was done, he grabbed my arms and tied them loosely in front of me. He handed me a heavy metal vase 



"Now, that metal pitcher can hold 2L of water. You're job is to fill the pitcher with the water from the bucket by your feet, and pour it into the bucket suspended above. You have 1 hr to fill that bucket to 80L." 



Slowly, I begin to squat, trying to force the dildo further and further into me. The dildo was solid, forcing my pussy to confine to its ridges and valleys. Each time a ridge would clear my lips, I would experience a tiny wave of relief before the next ridge forced me wider. When the dildo could go no further, I felt the spring begin to compress. By now I was gasping in pain - his promise of no permanent damage felt as close to the truth as the promise of Santa - and I had to concentrate to drive my body down against the upward pressure. Having me stand on the boxes meant I had to have a perfect deep squat every time just to reach the water. 



As my fingers grazed the water, I felt a sudden icy cold jet enter me through my butt plug. Gasping, I jumped up, ripping the dildo brutally out of me except for those last few inches that held me in place. I screamed as the pain exploded and I felt my vision darkening. Unfortunately it cleared in a few seconds and I was left panting, enduring the onslaught of my nerves screaming.



"Oh yes, I forgot to mention that your butt plug is attached to a large enema bag. As you squat, you're not only impaling yourself on the dildo, you're actually working a pump that pushes an amount of water up your ass, 60 ml to be exact. By the time you're done your 40 squats, you would have self administered an enema of almost 2.5L." 



Picking up the fallen pitcher, he pressed it in my hands with a warning, "Next time you drop this you pick it up yourself. Don't forget, you have..." checking his watch "56 minutes" 



Helplessly, I took a breath and began my hellish plunge down once again. Again, the jet of ice water shot in me as I just reached the bucket. The extreme cold felt like a knife shooting into me but prepared, I managed to keep my response to a gasping shriek before forcing myself down the last few centimeters to dunk the pitcher under water.



The first half of my ascent was bliss as the spring released and the unbearable pressure upward loosened. But as the dildo began to pull out of me, the ridges scratched and pinched like fingernails mercilessly scraping me clean all the while stretching my pussy wider and wider.&nbsp; I went as slowly as I could, my thighs burning with the effort. Standing straight, I felt my muscles relax but now I was exactly half way up the dildo at it's widest most painful point and the discomfort prevented me from staying long. Rising on my toes, I strained to raise the heavy vase of water up over my head. The vase lacked any handles making it awkward and difficult to grip and it required me a few tries to figure out how to tilt it just right to pour the water into the bucket above me. Once emptied, I eased slowly down to begin the horrid squat all over again.



The pitcher's opening was only 1.5" wide which meant I had to hold my deep squat for about 10 painful seconds as I waited for the pitcher to fill. The same applied to emptying it. Its no easy task tiptoeing with your legs wide apart and I was forced to hold this position steady as the water slowly chugged out of the pitcher. The tapered dildo meant that I never grew accustomed to its girth but experienced my pussy being split apart every time I neared the centre. These tiny devilishly details were all thought out to add to my torment.



Soon my muscles began to tire and it became harder and harder to control my movements. I knew if I were to make it through the 40 cycles, I would need to conserve my energy and move faster. But that would mean brutalizing my vagina even more and I couldn't decide which was worse. Eventually it was decided for me. As my muscles starting to give out, I would plunge down with little control, my weight collapsing painfully on the dildo, my innards bruised and battered. I begin struggling to rise and the few times I went too slow trying to ease the dildo out, my thighs would cramp and I'd come crashing back down; impaling myself once again while simultaneously giving myself a second enema dose. My arms and calves began to shake as I strained to empty the pitcher and unable to hold steady, I had increasing amounts of icy water miss the bucket and slosh over me. 



By the time I reached 50L, my entire body felt racked with pain. My muscles burned ferociously and threatened to give out with each movement. The Icy Hot, made worse with the constant friction of the dildo shoving in and out, caused my insides feel like hot coals had been shoved into me. Yet goosebumps covered my skin from the icy water that I spilled overhead and my hands that plunged over and over into the icy bucket felt painfully numb from cold.&nbsp; The freezing enema felt like a knife in my stomach with each injection. My body screamed with the cruelty of one area burning and longing for some cold relief while the rest shivered and pleaded for some heat.



The pressure from the enema was also growing alarmingly. Once, as I was lifting the pitcher overhead, a cramp shot through my intestines, causing me to drop the pitcher, fall to my heels, and double over. It took several gasping breaths before I was able to straighten out. Looking down, I saw the pitcher had sunk to the bottom of the bucket and I realized I would need to do an extra squat and worse, receive another enema injection just to retrieve it. 



Reaching my usual deep squat, my heart raced as I saw I would need to go down another 6" further to reach the pitcher at the bottom. Crying &amp; gasping at the pain, I pushed on down, straining to hit the bottom. My fingers brushed against the top of the pitcher but I was unable to go any further and the pain drove me back up. 



"If you ask for my help, I will hand you the pitcher but you have a choice. Either you can wait 5 minutes or I can whip you 5 times"



My body ached for a break, anything to delay those torturous squats but I knew my timeline was quickly running out. Through my sobs, I said the words I knew he was waiting for. "Please m'Lord, can you help whip me?" 



"Of course" he said brusquely. "Hands on your head now."



Fighting the cramps that continued in my stomach, I raised my arms and tried to prepare myself. 1,2,3,4,5. The belt whipped across my body in hard quick succession, without giving me a chance to recover in between. Pain overwhelmed me and I squeezed my eyes shut as I fought to remember how to breath. After a few minutes, the bite receded to a throb and I opened my eyes to see him handing the pitcher to me. It was empty of course.



I continued with the cycle, fighting to control the pain. Being stretched out seemed to intensify the cramping so I learned to only hold my position for a few seconds at a time, dropping my arms and coming down to my heels before the pain became too intense and I dropped the pitcher again. This worked most of the time (I did drop it once more) but it meant a lot more calve and arm raises for my already exhausted muscles. Not to mention the dildo painfully thrusting up and down a few more times for each load. 



A timer sounded. Looking at the bucket above, I realized with a sinking feeling that I was only about three-quarters of the way. "You're hour is up but you did not finish what I asked of you. You will finish it but first, a little lesson in timeliness. Hands on your head."



Defenseless, I watched in horror as he began to caress &amp; stroke my nipples. I cried softly, knowing what comes next, willing my body not to respond but helpless to control its reaction. The gentle strokes awoke the senses in my buds and I felt them growing more and more sensitive as they swelled under his caress. I knew where he was taking me and I fought his manipulation. Yet like a puppet, I was his to jerk wherever he pleased and his cruelty feed my despair as I realized there was no escape. Bending over, he swirled his tongue over first one nipple, and then the other, until I succumbed to the wave of pleasure and need. With a groan, I closed my eyes, threw my head back and arched my back, thrusting my chest towards him as my body begged for more. Like clockwork, he took that exact moment to clamp on the clover clips, causing my body to ricochet from pleasure to pain so quickly it made the torment that much more intense.&nbsp; I let out a guttural wail and it took everything within me to keep my hands in position and not tear them off. His cold laugh was like another nail hammering home, reminding me once again that my body was not my own. As if to emphasize this, he pulled the elastic string connecting the 2 clips down and attached a weight to it before letting it snap back. It bounced playfully up and down, tightening the clamps and jerking my nipples in a painful rhythm.



"Best keep that thing from bouncing or your nipples are going to have a hell of a time." Ignoring his own advice, he grabbed the string and pulled up, causing me to yelp and rise up to my toes.



"One more thing." Taking a wet cloth, he wiped the lubrication and juices off the dildo and sprinkled a bit of baking powder on it. "That'll keep it nice and dry. All that gunk was smoothing out the ridges. Now you'll have a better feel of it entering and pulling out of your pussy. I'll give it a good clean after every 10 minutes. You may resume. And remember, the longer you take, the worse you'll be punished after."



Those last 20L were an absolute nightmare. My pussy was sufficiently wet and adjusted to the dildo's girth that there was no bleeding. But the removal of the lube meant the ridges felt 3 times more pronounced. The added friction and the removal of my own juices seemed to irritate the Icy Hot absorbed by the skin, bringing alive the burning sensation that had previously begun to recede. My thighs no longer cooperated so my squats were more like falling heavily onto a low chair than a controlled exercise movement. Of course, that made my insides so bruised and sore that it became impossible to endure the pressure and I was forced to rise before the pitcher was filled. In a way it helped as I didn't seem to have the strength to lift up a full jug anymore. Filling it up only halfway made everything easier but it meant that I needed more trips up and down, meaning more times that unyielding dildo was thrust in and out of my screaming pussy, more times the bouncing nipple weight tore at me and more water being pumped into my bursting intestines. 



Everything was cramping now: my intestines from the cold and severe pressure, my feet, my calves, my thighs and arms from the muscle strain, and my fingers from being frozen and trying to grip the awkward vase. Twice more I dropped the vase and twice more I endured the whipping. But all the pain became secondary to the pressure of the enema and the urgent need for release became my entire focus. 



"You're finished." He said, taking the pitcher from my hand when the last trip finally pushed the water level above the mark. "Unfortunately that took you 1hr and 46min - That's 46 minutes over your time limit." He walked around and fiddled with the tube from my butt plug but instead of the release I desperately needed, he came up in front of me holding a large 5L enema bag almost empty. "Less than 800 ml left. That means you have 4.2L in you right now - 70 squats."



"Please" I moaned, clutching my stomach "I can't hold it much more"

"Well you'll have to. You took 46 minutes too long so you will have to wait 46 minutes before you get a release." 

"No no no please please, I can't, I can't take it, I'm going to explode, I have to, I'll do anything, any punishment." I blubbered and thrashed out, not really cognizant of what I was saying or doing. The thought of being unable to release for most of an hour was beyond imaginable and panic that he would leave me and keep his word made me lose it completely.



It took a hard slap to my face to stem by babble and at least still me long enough to hear him out. "I can increase the intensity and shorten the time to 10 minutes if that's what you prefer."



"Yes, ok, please m'Lord. Anything. Just release me soon." I gasped.

"It means taking another 250ml..."

"Anything m'Lord, Anything. Please hurry." I didn't care what it took. Nothing can be worse than this pressure in me. I would rip open my own ass if it meant I can gain a respite.

"As you wish." If I was a little more with it, I would've trembled at his smile. 



Without warning, he kicked the boxes from under my feet, my full weight falling heavily onto the dildo as it buried itself in me once again. The unexpectedness and brutality gave me little time to prepare and my body screamed with the sudden need to accommodate the dildo with more than 4L of water.&nbsp; I was still recovering when he grabbed a rope and threw it over a ceiling rafter, attaching my tied hands to one end and the elastic string of my nipple clamp to the other.&nbsp; I was now stretched painfully upward and any attempts to bring my arms down only tugged at my nipple clamps, tightening them even further. 



Pulling out a small an enema bag, he held it in front of me. "I have here 1 cup of concentrated liquid soap. It'll mix nicely with your enema and give you a thorough cleaning, though I'm afraid the cramping will be something you'll have to endure."



Ignoring my desperate pleas, he proceeded to pump the soap into me. Within minutes, I felt the cramps intensify, tearing through me like a knife twisting around my intestines. I reflexively tried to curl up but the bondage of my arms only allowed me a few inches of movement at the price of yanking my nipples tighter. As the tension on the clamps became too much to bear, I arched back, gaining a brief second of respite before another cramp slammed into me, curling me up again. Back and forth I jerked unable to control my body's response. The unyielding dildo intensified the pressure and prevented me from curling up my lower half or collapsing on the floor. My cries took on an inhumane sound, no longer coherent in my pleas. Wave after wave, the cramps came, like my body was trying to twist out the pressure. Never had I experienced such extreme pain. It radiated internally rather than externally and felt deeper because of it. Time stood still; each second felt like hours, each minute felt like an eternity. My senses turned inward, trying to combat the invasion that raged within me that I didn't even notice when he released my arms and pulled me off the dildo. 



Placing me on the concrete floor near the stairs, he laid me on my back and stretched my arms out on either side like a 'T', securing them to rings in the floor. A rope around my hips pulled me upwards until my body was directly over my head. Then my legs were pulled apart and downwards in a V-shape, tying them taut to the same rings my wrists were secured on. 



"There, almost ready." I heard him say. His words just faintly reaching through my haze of pain. He added a nose hook that stopped my head from turning sided to side and kept my chin pointed up.&nbsp; "I'll leave you to empty yourself out now." 



I had barely begun to process what was happening when he reached around and deflated my butt plug. The water exploded out of me, shooting straight up before raining back on me. On and on I gushed like a fountain, water and shit pouring down my upturned face. I tried to keep my mouth closed but with my chin raised water flooded my nose, causing me to choke and splutter. The stench was horrific and what hit my mouth was both bitter and salty, making me want to gag.



As the flow trickled down, I realized that he had left and I was now to remain fully exposed with my butt in the air, my body dripping with shit. I longed to wipe my face but with my hands tied and my head secured, I had no choice but to keep my eyes tightly closed and let the shit dry on me. Every once and a while, another cramp would ripple through and my body would expel more soapy water. Lacking the pressure of before, these would just gurgle upward, bubbling noisily from my butt before slowly trickling down my body, pooling between my chest or dripping down my neck. It always seemed to happen when one of the girls walked by and more then once, I heard their titters of disgust. My face burned with shame as I imagined what a scene I must make.



I have no clue how long I stayed there, whether it was minutes or hours. In my discomfort, I was unable to sleep despite my exhaustion; my muscles aching for release against the strain of the extreme bondage. These aches blurred and compounded with the throbbing pain from my punishment until I could no longer tell where one agony ended and another started. All I could do was endure, waiting at the mercy of m'Lord's return



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TinyBeast


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





