BDSM Library -  Dylan's Dungeon




 Dylan's Dungeon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dylan, a rich and successful man, devises a plan to capture a team of cheerleaders. He locks them in his mansion and trains them as his sex slaves.






CHAPTER 1 - CAPTURE

Dylan relaxed his shoulders and straightened his neck. The last bitch finally shut up. She would be asleep soon. He turned up his radio and sang along to Sweet Home Alabama. He reached below the radio and flipped the power switch on his radio jammer. Then he checked his phone. 0 bars. Perfect. Nobody could track their cell phones now. They were all fast asleep. The sleeping gas had knocked them out very well. Over the next 3 hours he continued along the interstate like his passengers thought he would. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Las Vegas Wolves’ Cheerleading team sat in his bus. 33 girls not including the male and female coaches lay snoozing as he drove. They were supposed to be headed to Salt Lake City to compete in an international cheer competition. Dylan had other plans. He had spent nearly a whole year making the connections he needed and buying the necessary equipment. Not to mention establishing a role as a bus driver for the school. Dozens of bribes costing him thousands of dollars. But today it would all pay off. 
He recognized his exit and took it. The bus descended the down ramp. Dylan turned right and continued along the highway for several miles before turning onto a well paved dirt road. Driving slowly as to not wake his passengers he made poor time, but he easily arrived at his mansion before the sun rose.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He drove the bus up to the front door of the mansion. Dylan saw 5 guards approaching the bus. 2 guards holding pistols and dressed entirely in black rushed onto the bus and woke the girls while 3 guards remained outside. One of them made his way to the back of the bus. Dylan knew that he was barring the emergency exit. The girls were initially quiet and confused, but that was soon replaced by deafening screams and protests. It continued for a minute until one of the guards on the bus fired his pistol into the air. Immediate silence.
Dylan sat back and watched as, one by one, from front to back, the girls were led off the bus, handcuffed, forced to their knees, and blindfolded by a black bag. One of the guards outside repeated instructions to the girls as they were pulled from the bus.
“If you try to run you will be executed, I have very good aim. If you try to harm any of my guards, you will be severely punished. If you speak you will be beaten.” Every girl on the bus continued to murmur, a few screamed, but it actually went much better than Dylan expected. Not a single girl tried to run. And only two continued to speak after being bagged. They were met with immediate punishment in the form of a hard kick in the stomach with sharp steel pointed boots.
After the last girl was bagged and cuffed Dylan stood and stepped out of the bus. He felt himself growing hard at the sight of his new slaves. 
“Please let the girls go! Just take me. I’ll do whatever you want!” The male coach spoke. The head guard, Anthony, stepped to the man and kicked him in the stomach. He crouched over in pain but continued protesting. “Please! Let the girls go!” Dylan waved to Anthony to stop him from punishing the man. Instead, he elected to apply the punishment himself. He held his hand out to a subordinate guard who promptly handed him a baton. Dylan stooped to speak into the man's bagged face. 
“When you are given an order, you obey that order. You were ordered not to speak, and now you will be punished for disobeying.” He spoke loud enough that everyone of the girls in the line could hear what he said. Then he stood and addressed the captured cheerleaders.&nbsp; “Let me make an example out of your coach, girls. You are my slaves now, and you will obey any order, immediately, and without complaint, or you will be severely punished.” Dylan then grabbed the man’s arm and pulled him to his feet. “This is the sort of punishment you should expect for disobeying. I know you cannot see, but perhaps what you hear will convince you.”
Dylan then proceed to pulverize the man. Two guards held his arms apart as Dylan struck his torso again and again with the baton. The man screamed into to quiet night. After 50 strikes Dylan motioned to the guards and they dropped him. The man fell, completely unsupported by his own legs, and crashed into the gravel ground. Throughout his punishment a few of the girls whimpered, a few screamed, but yet again, not a single one ran.
“Would anyone else like to beg for release?” Dylan addressed his captives. Their silence answered his question perfectly. “Good.” Then he addressed his guards. “Chain them up, and get them into the dungeon. We will be up all night processing them.” And right he was.
A guard brought forward a long chain, and continued to connect the chain to each of the captive’s handcuffs in turn. A second guard made his way behind the first ensuring they were indeed trapped. After they were chained, a guard pulled on the chain and the company slowly made it’s way to the dungeons. Dylan watched with growing excitement as his girls were pulled past him. A girl with especially large tits grabbed his attention. That must be Ashley. He thought. 
“Ashley.” He spoke. The girl turned her head towards him. Damn I’m good. He thought to himself. 
The dungeons looked more like a pound. In fact it was simply a room housing large reinforced dog cages. There were 2 rows of cages, 9 long, and double stacked (For a total of 36 cages, one more than they needed). The rows faced each other so the captives were looking at the opposite row. Beyond the cages the dungeon was empty. Large enough to strap up every one of the captives separately. 
In the dungeons the captives were disconnected from the chain one by one, and placed in the cages. Their handcuffs and bags remained on. After the last slave was in her cage Dylan addressed them. His voice echoing in the dungeon.
“You are all my slaves now. You will be punished for even the slightest disobedience. You will never escape, you will never be rescued, you will never be free again. The sooner you accept that the sooner your torture sessions will stop. Tonight you will be pierced. You will be tattooed. And you will be tortured. Oh, and if you make too much noise I have a fun way to make you suffer in your cage.” He said, with a growing smile.
Dylan then walked out of the dungeon, up the stairs, and into an office. He sat behind the desk and considered the computer screen in front of him. He saw the footage from cameras placed in the dungeons. 2 cages stood empty, the guards had begun processing the first girl. He clicked on a camera that showed an operation room and a beautiful young girl being stripped by two large men. After they stripped her, they strapped her to a table shaped like an X. Her legs and arms spread, so her entire body was available. The first guard consulted a file, showing each of the girls names and their headshots.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;“What is your name.” He said to the girl.
“M… M… Mary.” She stuttered.
“Ok, and what year are you in school?”
“J-j-j-j-junior.” She was about to start crying.
“Good, you didn’t lie. You would do well to continue that habit from now on. Then he slapped on the tit. Mary let out a yelp. The other guard had since donned an apron and rubber gloves. He was fussing with medical equipment in the corner. He finished preparing his instruments and wheeled them over on a rolling table.
“What is she scheduled for?” He asked the other guard. 
“This one were just piercing her nipples and bringing her tits up to double D’s.” He responded, reading from his file.&nbsp; 
“What?!” Mary objected. The guard slapped her hard across the face.
“Do not speak unless you are asked a question.” The doctor then approached Mary’s breasts. He pushed a needle through her nipple, and within seconds he had a small golden ring through the hole. Her second nipple went just as smoothly. Mary barely even screamed.
Next, the doctor examined her vagina. He spread her lips and felt for her hymen.
“Hymen is intact. She’s a virgin.” He announced.
“Virgin, check.” Responded the guard, making a mark in his file.
The doctor began cleaning his instruments while the guard took Mary’s measurements. She had auburn hair, blue eyes, good teeth, and small 32 B breasts. She stood 5’5’’, her legs long and strong. 
The doctor returned with a needle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;“This is going to hurt. We are injecting you with a solution that will mix with the fats in your tits and allow them to grow larger naturally. The injection will be painful, but your tits growing as quickly as they will…” He paused for sadistic effect. “You’re not going to be enjoying yourself.” He admitted with a smile.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then, without hesitation, he jabbed her left breast with the syringe. He depressed the plunger some, then pulled the needle back out. Then again on the other side of her tit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;“Fuck!!” Mary screamed, as the solution seeped into her boobs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor placed 4 more injections on her left tit, making a total of 6, and emptying the syringe. He retrieved another syringe from the table.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;“Please, it hurts so much!” Mary begged helplessly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He made 6 injections on her right tit. Mary’s screams echoed through the small concrete room. Then he finally, mercifully, stopped his torment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;“Now, we can’t have you getting pregnant, so we need to disable your ovaries.” The doctor said next. Mary looked at him in pure terror. The man now revieled the biggest syringe yet. Without even pausing he went to stab her in the belly with it. Mary struggled against her restraints. The doctor elbowed her in the chest, HARD. Mary stopped struggling.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The doctor used half of the syringe on one side and half on the other side of her belly. No doubt it contained some sort of chemical that deactivated her ovaries. She would never have a child.
The guard unfastened the ropes that bound Mary’s arms and legs and she stood. He then escorted her out of the operating room. A second girl was escorted in just a few moments later.
Dylan clicked on another camera and the screen went black. The lights in the room he was looking at were off, so the room was dark. He waited for a bit, then the lights came on and he could see the room. Chains hung from the ceiling. In the corner lay a table with a litany of punishment devices. Floggers, whips, knives, powders and creams of dubious nature. Above the table hung ropes, chains, hooks, and other assorted bondage equipment.
Mary stood in the doorway for a moment before being pushed into the room by the guard behind her. The first guard attached her arms to the chains hanging from the ceiling, the second attended to her feet. Once she was secure one of the guards presented a small ball to her. 
“Swallow this.” He said. Mary did not open her mouth. The guard kneed her in the stomach. Mary let out a stifled scream. The guard then forced the ball into her throat and forced her to swallow. He held onto a wire coming out of the ball. The guard then took a knife and a pair of very fine needle nose pliers to the poor girl. He pushed the thin knife through her flesh where her jaw met her neck, and forced the needle nose pliers through after it. He then removed the knife, reached into Mary’s mouth and fished around to find the tip of the pliers. He placed the wire he held between the nose of the pliers, and pulled the pliers back out of her neck with the wire. 
Mary screamed and moaned from pain, but her protestation did nothing to slow the painful process. The guard then added a stud to ensure the wire could not be pulled back through, then cleaned up the blood and saliva using a rag.&nbsp; 
Dylan of course knew that the ball was in fact a tightly wound wire. The wire was made out of an expensive copper alloy that was electrically conductive but totally unaffected by stomach acid. Soon, Mary would pass the end of the wire. Dylan had been playing with this invention for a long time. Now that a wire ran all the way through her digestive tract, a very weak electrical current could cause her extraordinary pain.
Next, the guard brought forward a tattooing needle. He stepped behind her and began working on her back. When he stepped away the numbers 5 4 9 were visible in dark black ink painted between her shoulder blades. Now he knelt at her knees. Mary flinched as he stabbed his needle into her belly, just above her waist. Soon 5 4 9 read across her lower belly as well.
“Your number is 549. Repeat it to me.” The guard addressed Mary.
“549.” She repeated.
“What is your name?”
“Mary.” She was immediately kneed in the stomach again.
“What is your name?” Mary looked confused for a moment, then realized the truth.
“My name is 549.” She braced herself for a blow that would not come.
“Good. Now, 549, you are going to be tortured. Not as punishment, but as training. You will receive 30 spanks with a paddle, 10 whips across the tits, and you will be subjected to electric shock throughout. Afterwards you will be released and returned to your cage. Prepare yourself.” And, without further warning, he picked up a paddle from the table, and began punishing 549. THWAK! She shrieked in pain and terror. THWAK! THWAK! THWAK! Again and again and again. 
“Please! It hurts too much!” 549 pleaded desperately. THWAK! THWAK! THWAK! The guard continued relentlessly. 
Finally he ceased his relentless punishment, put his paddle on the table, and picked up a small device. He attached wires to ports in the device. The guard looked at her red hot ass cheeks. He flicked one and received a whimper from 549. The opposite end of the wire was connected to a pad that he attached to her ass cheeks. After attaching the wires and giving 549 a firm slap on the ass he simply turned a dial on the device and listened to her scream. 
She started slow at first, but soon she was wailing uncontrollably. The guard returned to the table and lifted a long, leather whip. 549 had her eyes closed in pain, and so she was not ready for the first slash. 
SWISH. CRACK.
“AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!” She screamed. “FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!! Please stop!” She begged.
SWISH. CRACK. This one landed directly on her left nipple (freshly pierced).
“PLLLLEEEEAAAAASSEEEE!” She wailed. “I Can’t take it!”
SWISH. CRACK.
“SSSSTOOOOPP!! PLEASE!”
She screamed, moaned, and begged, but the guard had deaf ears for her. She pulled and yanked on her chains but nothing she did made a difference.
SWISH. CRACK. And again and again. By the time the guard was done 549 was a quivering mass of pain. Her tits marked with bright red welts, and her ass pink, she begged for it to end. The electric shocks caused her ass muscles to contract violently, then relax. Over and over. Painfully slowly.
“Please, I can’t take it.” Tears fell from her eyes.
The guard delivered his final blow, and she passed out from the pain. He walked over to the table and replaced the whip. He then turned off and replaced the electrical unit. Next he unchained 549, lifted her over his shoulder, and carried her to her cage. He locked the cage behind him.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DylanH


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





