BDSM Library - Faye Grows Into It




Faye Grows Into It
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Manipulation of a girl's mind into submission and depravity.






Synopsis: Manipulation of a girl's mind into submission and depravity. (Mf, bdsm, humil, anal, modification, tattoo)

Faye Grows Into It
by LazyGarfield at mail dot md

I will admit that Changes by Ninja Turtle had a strong influence.&nbsp; Please
let me know if this universe deserves expanding.

----------

I call her Faye Wong. That's who she looks like to me.&nbsp; Almost. Her eyes 
are just a little bit wider, cheekbones just a little bit more prominent. 
Don't get me wrong, she cleans up real nice, but there are just enough 
imperfections for her to be self conscious.&nbsp; That's all you need really, 
just that little wedge, and the rest of her nature of a human social 
animal can turn a person into a total slut.

Just a little almost imperceptible wince at the right time. Just focus 
your eyes a little longer on specific spots. Just that little push.&nbsp; But 
first you have to find your Faye Wong.&nbsp; I found mine at a frat party. She 
was there with her boyfriend at the time, and I was there for the free 
beer.&nbsp; There are advantages of living in a college town, and looking 
young, even though I am twice the age of these young girls. I get some eye 
candy and walking distance to the occasional free beer, and shake my head 
at the overheard conversations of youth.

She wanted children. That was a primary life goal of hers.&nbsp; He was aloof 
about it. I mean, they're both still in school, I couldn't blame him. In 
fact he was in the right about it from his perspective. But then again, 
his perspective was in fucking her while in school, and probably moving on 
in life after graduation.&nbsp; Hers on the other hand was pleasing him in the 
hopes of keeping him.&nbsp; Two parties later, she was alone, throwing back 
trashcan punch, trying to snuggle up to someone who could be her future 
baby daddy.

I took her out to a fine dining restaurant, one that a college budget 
could never afford, but then again, I wasn't in college.&nbsp; The hook.&nbsp; The 
second date was the cheapest pho joint, the line.&nbsp; The third date was a 
movie where I pulled her hand under my jacket to jack me off and had her 
wipe my cum off on her blouse, that was the sinker.

----

The last time he took me to the movies, he was a complete gentleman. He 
bought me popcorn and candy, just a small gesture.&nbsp; And it was a little 
exciting to rub his hard little member in the middle of the movie.&nbsp; I 
didn't have any place to wipe it afterwards, and it was already dripping 
on my blouse so it's not like I had much of a choice to clean myself up. 
But it was a little humiliating to walk back to the dorm when all the 
girls could see my obvious stain. They may not know what caused the stain, 
but I knew. And if they actually got close to me, they could probably 
smell it.

This time I came prepared. As he was buttering the popcorn, I grabbed a 
lot of extra napkins. He noticed and winked at me.&nbsp; That wink still gives 
me little butterflies.&nbsp; So we sat down and enjoyed our buttery popcorn. He 
must have been distracted while winking at me because he put way too much 
butter on the popcorn and we needed to keep on using the napkins to wipe 
our hands.

Halfway through the action movie, the sex scene was pretty steamy and he 
grabbed my hand again. He definitely thought it was steamy as well! I 
missed the next part of the movie as I was giving him a hand job, but 
after he finished all over my hands, I realized we'd used up all the extra 
napkins I brought. Here I was again with a handful of sperm and nowhere to 
clean it. At least this time I didn't let any drop.

Five minutes later, it was getting kind of runny and I was getting 
desperate. I asked him if he had a hankerchief or something, but the look 
on his face told me that was an annoying petty question for me to ask. But 
he did give me a suggestion, "just drink it."

In the last week, when he picked me up, sometimes he had been excited to 
see me already. By the time I got in the car, before we even got to his 
place, he would ask me to give him a blow job while he drove. It was 
humiliating to think that at the red lights, anyone could see me leaned 
over onto his lap, but at least all they saw was the back of my head.&nbsp; He 
would remind me not to make a mess, which meant after giving him "car 
head", I just had to swallow.&nbsp; After the first couple times, I realized it 
was no big deal.

But this was different. Giving a blow job with the cum already in my mouth 
I could understand, but this cum had been cooling in my hand for the past 
five minutes. I sighed but knew that the longer it took for me to think 
about it, the colder it was going to get. I resigned myself and stuck my 
tongue out.&nbsp; It tasted pretty aweful, but as I pulled back, I saw from the 
corner of my eye that he was smiling.&nbsp; I looked over at him and he gave me 
his special wink again.&nbsp; So that's what I did, I lapped and slurped it up. 
 Since he was still smiling at me, I continued to lick all over my hands 
and suck on my fingers.

He was hard again and moved my hands to give him another handjob. I 
learned my lesson this time, and did not want to drink cold cum again.&nbsp; 
I'll show him! I went straight for his cock and gave him a blowjob right 
there in the theater!

---

Wearing jeans or pants got her a frown. Wearing dresses got her a smile. 
Skirts got a wink.&nbsp; Soon she was only wearing skin tight or skimpy outfits 
and high heels whenever we went out. I would also show up randomly between 
her classes.&nbsp; She never knew when I would show up so she started to dress 
that way all the time just in case. (I had my own business so though I 
still had to work, I was the boss of my schedule.)&nbsp; I took her to musicals 
and the orchestra, things boyfriend's do, except our dates always involved 
she giving me road head there and back, blowjobs or handjobs during 
(depending on the lighting), and me fingering her the entire time.&nbsp; 
Usually by the end of the show I'd have a finger up her ass.

That's when we graduated to butt plugs.&nbsp; I let her choose which ones to 
wear but each kind had its tradeoff. The rubber ones I got her had a 
smaller bulb and we're more flexible, but the neck were thicker causing 
her to keep her ass expanded. The hard plastic ones had a thinner neck but 
a bigger bulb to get in and out. The glass ones had a small head and small 
neck but had shiny jewels at the end making them fit uncomfortablly 
between the butt cheeks.&nbsp; Also the added weight without the extra 
resistance caused them to constantly want to slip out. She had to tighten 
her muscle constantly after one mishap in the middle of the mall when it 
slipped right out since she wasn't wearing panties and it crashed and 
shattered on the floor. I made her stand there until the cleaning crew 
came by to sweep it up, directing people away. After all, it's a safety 
hazard! I wouldn't want a kid to cut themselves on a broken glass buttplug 
that just fell out of some random person's ass.

---

I hate the buttplugs.&nbsp; I already hated the uncomfortable feeling like I am 
constantly needing to go number two, not to mention the constant reminder 
every time I move that I have something up my butt.&nbsp; Especially after the 
mall incident. But I do admit that without his help "expanding my rose" 
(he has the most adorable expressions for me), I would not have been able 
to fit this 4inch dong up my butt.&nbsp; It's even more uncomfortable stuffing 
the dong inside and then still adding a buttplug.&nbsp; But nothing could be 
more humiliating than when I refused the buttplug the first time thinking 
the dong was too much already.

I was sitting in class when I felt it start to come out a little. Because 
the dong was so smooth (if you could call ridges and bumps smooth), when I 
stood up from my desk, half the dong slid right out! I was in such a panic 
I plopped myself back in my desk practically impaling myself with the 
dong. All my friends came over to see what was wrong, and the expression 
on my face from the pain deep inside my intestines sure didn't help. I 
finally convinced them that my foot fell asleep and that they should go on 
ahead. After a few moments, I could feel some of my poop sliding down the 
dong.&nbsp; Some of them wrinkled their noses and pulled the rest along. I 
could have died from humiliation right there, and can only hope they 
thought the smell was something other than me.

---

Faye had a vision of having children. I had a vision of not having to deal 
with her period. We came to a compromise with a hormonal birth control, 
one of those where you inject the slow release capsule so you don't have 
to worry about it for a year. I took the idea, but in addition to the 
drugs to stop her period, I also added a slow release drug that would make 
her erogenous zones more sensitive.

It only took about a week to see the effects. She was always on edge and 
about to cum from just having her clothes rub against her nipples. Just a 
small touch on her clit got her begging for more to get a release.

She'd already been wearing buttplugs almost constantly for awhile now, and 
I'd been increasing the size of their necks. I specifically did not go 
bigger on the bulbs too quickly because I wanted her to keep her muscle 
tone squeezing to keep the buttplug in while at the same time dialating 
what she could take.

With the new drugs coursing through her sensitive body, I began anal 
training in earnest. I told her she could only cum when stuffing at lease 
three fingers up her own ass. Then four, then five, and the easy 
transition of her whole hand fisting her own ass.&nbsp; Working my thick hands 
up her ass was a little more difficult, but I had my eyes set on feeling 
her ass clentch down on my wrist while she came.

---

He said he was concerned about me getting a little loose in my anal 
muscles. To show me what it would be like if I didnt keep working on it to 
keep it tight, he injected my back hole with some muscle relaxant.&nbsp; I wore 
a miniskirt and he allowed me to wear underwear after stuffing six inches 
of an eight inch long anal bead dong up my butt.

I could feel my butthole expanding as the bead slid out, but it was all I 
could do to clentch hard to keep it from slipping right out.&nbsp; In fact only 
my panties pulling it back up prevented just that from happening almost 
every time I stood up after classes.&nbsp; Remembering the dong incident I knew 
what was happening this time and slowly sat back down feeling the beads 
each expand and shrink my butthole as each one passed back in.&nbsp; As all of 
my friends were shuffling around me while I butt fucked myself, I quickly 
told them my foot fell asleep again to explain my facial expressions.

---

She was getting a little boring. Me plowing her on top, making her fuck 
herself on top, doggy, anal spinning, etc. It was getting a little mundane 
doing the same things every day.&nbsp; I started to leave porn on my computer, 
making the motion of just shutting off the monitor when she walks in. 
Pretty soon she got the hint and in the middle of the night would go see 
what I was looking at. (I'm pretty tech savvy so I know how to isolate the 
login so she only sees what I want her to see.)&nbsp; The next day she 
suggested we get a little kinky with the handcuffs and rope she bought. I 
gave her a wink and day by day brought out something from my toy chest one 
at a time as if I was adding to the collection, instead of showing her my 
plethora of playtoys that I already owned.

---

We brought out what I've been calling the doggy frame, and he strapped me 
in it. It's a simple contraption, with vertical supports to hold me up 
under my armpits and a horizontal bar to support my chest. The bars under 
my armpits extend back toward my legs and had another horizontal bar to 
support my stomach.&nbsp; The complex part was that the head rest was 
adjustable such that after I was strapped in, he could pull it back and 
bend my head back. Because of my position, that meant facing forward. I 
also had to swing my legs around the outside of the poles in the back 
before my ankles were strapped in, which forces my knees spread apart.&nbsp; 
The supports made it not too bad because it held me in the position even 
when I fully relaxed, putting me on all fours with my head facing forward.

When I said it's not too bad, he took it to mean I was comfortable, and 
kept me in this position for two days straight.&nbsp; In front of my mouth he 
put one of those bottles like rabbit water bottles so I could drink
whenever I got&nbsp; thirsty. I say "like" because instead of the little 
metal nub, the end was instead a rubber penis that was constantly
half way in my mouth.&nbsp; All I had to do was close my mouth and
suck.&nbsp; Maybe he put something in the water because even though
I kept on drinking, I kept on getting thirsty. Or maybe it was just the
diarrhea that was dehydrating me.&nbsp; It was humiliating to ask him
every time I had to poop or pee to clean up for me and wipe me down.

There I was, locked in doggy position with his cum leaking out of my 
vagina and butt from the latest of what seems like continuous sex, when I 
heard the doorbell. I was locked in position in the living room, so there 
was nowhere for me to go.&nbsp; He calmly took a towel and threw it over my 
head and answered the door!

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey man, just wanted to... Oh. My. God. So sorry. Sorry to have 
interrupted you!"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hmm? Oh, no big deal. What's up?"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "I didn't mean to barge in on you and your girlfriend man."
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, that's not my girlfriend. That's just a fuck slut."

I was already hyperventilating in embarrassment, but to hear that almost 
made me cry. Did he think of me as a "fuck slut" instead of his girlfriend?

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Come on in. What did you want to speak to me about?"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "I wanted to let you know... I wanted to... Hey man, could I touch her?"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Touch who?"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Her! The girl you have mounted in the middle of your living room!"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh it. You mean it. It's just a fuck slut, like any other furniture. I 
mean thanks for asking permission. Thats mighty respectful of you.&nbsp; Just 
because a pillow is a pillow doesn't mean I want any random person to put 
their head on my pillow."
&nbsp;&nbsp; "So can I?"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sure!"

I felt a cold shiver run down my spine that this random person that I 
couldn't even see had already seen me naked and mounted, with my breasts 
hanging down and my vagina and butt sticking out.&nbsp; But to have this random 
person feeling me up, right when I could feel another glob of cum leak out 
of my butthole, made me die of shame right then and there.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh wow, her nipples just totally stiffened up right now!"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "*IT*. It's nipples just stiffened up. But I think you're right. It 
must like this anonymous attention."
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Could I... I mean... Could I fuck her?"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, it's one thing to take a nap on my pillow. It's another thing to 
take your shoes off and put your unwashed feet on my pillow."
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Dude, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to overstep my bounds like that."
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Nah, it's fine. I know this is a whole different set of decorum that 
you're not used to. How about this, stick your dick in its mouth and have 
it suck you off.&nbsp; And if it doesn't make you cum within two minutes, then 
it must mean it would prefer you fuck it in the ass and pussy both."

I didn't know who this person was, but I knew I had to suck like I'd never 
sucked before to get him off within two minutes.&nbsp; I couldn't even move my 
head and could only rely on my lips, suction and tongue.&nbsp; Good thing he 
provided all the in and out action as he practically thrust himself down 
my throat each time. I only had to lick his shaft a little bit before he 
came in my mouth.&nbsp; I swallowed it on instinct.&nbsp; After he pulled out of my 
mouth, a little bit must have dribbled out because he smeared it on my 
upper lips right below my nose, and made me smell his cum.

---

That kid ran out so fast after he came he almost tripped over his own 
pants. I still don't know what he came over to tell me.&nbsp; I even tried to 
talk to him at the party at his frat house that night with Faye in tow.&nbsp; 
For some reason darting his eyes between me and Faye, and he became all 
tongue tied and stumbled away.

But before the frat party, I had to get Faye ready.&nbsp; She'd been strapped 
to "the bitch frame" for two days now, I wonder if her muscles still work 
or if they are locked in bitch position.

The first thing she cried about wasn't even me giving her to someone else 
for a blowjob.&nbsp; First she asked me if I really thought of her as an 
object. I had this answer prepared, walking a thin line. I told her I was 
protecting her by not revealing who she was to her classmates, and how 
adorable, desirable, and sexy she was to me for being so slutty and that's 
why she turns me on so often.&nbsp; I followed that up with how sexy it was for 
me to see her give someone else a blowjob.&nbsp; I made sure that the next set 
of porn I "hid" on my computer was highly concentrated on bukakes and 
gangbangs.

As for the frat party itself, it was pretty anticlimactic. I guess that 
frat boy was too shy to kiss and tell. That's too bad.

---

What am I going to do? Tuition payments are due, and I planned my 
financial aid such that I could supliment it with the job at the mall.&nbsp; 
Not that I could bear to show my face there again to be snickered by the 
local high school boys as "the slut that dropped her buttplug", but I've 
been spending all my free time with him that I hardly have time for 
studying, not to begin talking about a second job.

Sleep has been a little more difficult these days too.&nbsp; We started playing 
this game where he would bend me over the bed, tie my legs spread to the 
posts, and my arms spread. Then he would lay on top of my arms trapping my 
head above and between his legs giving him a blowjob all night long.&nbsp; The 
first night I fell asleep and layed my head on his leg. He got so mad I 
made his leg fall asleep that he gave me twenty whips, and then ten 
paddles on top. I couldn't even move my arms to block it because they were 
asleep! Not that I would block it even if they werent tied down or asleep. 
 He helped me fix it the next night by tying my long hair in a braid up to 
a ceiling hook to hold my head up. He said, to keep me part of the fun of 
the game, he attached the other end of the rope to a hook that went into 
my butt.&nbsp; That way when I gave him a blowjob throughout the night, I would 
be assfucking myself at the same time.

When I told him about my financial problems, he suggested I be a webcam 
model. He said I wouldn't be doing anything I wasnt doing already, and 
even helped me by choosing a mask so I wouldn't be recognized. I'm not 
sure the ballgag was necessary, but the ballgag's straps were sewed onto 
the facemask, so I guess it's just part of it. He said it would disguise 
my voice as well, which I guess is a good idea.

---

I convinced Faye to get a tattoo.&nbsp; She was reluctant at first and hemmed 
and hawed saying how "a tattoo is the definition of regret" because of how 
permanent it is.&nbsp; I spun my tale and gave her my charming smile, "but my 
sexy Faye, that's _why_ I want you to get a tattoo! I want you to get a 
tattoo with my name to show you how permanent our relationship is!"&nbsp; I 
knew it was a foregone conclusion when she asked me what kind of a tattoo 
design.&nbsp; "How about my pet name for you?" For some reason the thought of 
getting a tattoo of "fuck slut" put her back on the defensive. But I said 
it in a joking way so she wasn't quite sure if I was serious. Either way, 
though it was a foregone conclusion, it was still a battle of where to put 
it. I relented and negotiated that she would get it where nobody could see 
it, but in return she would agree to any tattoo I wanted.

As we were getting out of the car at the tattoo parlor, running her 
vibrator on full blast with the tickler on her buttplug instead of her 
clit, I offhandedly mentioned, "oh, I almost forgot, the tattoo artist 
requires release forms." She was too far gone to do any legal reading.&nbsp; 
Not only did she sign the release forms, she also signed the full power of 
attorney giving me all rights.

The asshook keeping her awake for two nights and the edging for three days 
was putting little miss Faye in sex zombie mode. By the time I sat her 
down in the chair and gave her one mind blowing orgasm by spinning the 
vibrator's tickler around to her clit, she was out like a light. These 
guys were quick and efficient shaving off her eyebrows and hair. The hair 
I kept to make a wig, after all a promise is a promise. In large 
lettering, from the back to her forehead, I wanted to see "[my] ANAL 
WHORE" clearly so I can read it while she gives me a blowjob. To keep my 
promise, I chose the black color. But that's only half of it. It is a 
mixture of black and black-light ink. In normal lighting her tattoo will 
blend in under her hair.&nbsp; Under a black light, she will be the glowing 
"ANAL WHORE" for anyone looking from above. I did mention that she was a 
petite 5'3" Asian, right?

---

I cried that they shaved my head, but he was very kind and considerate to 
have saved it and gave me my own hair back to use as a wig.&nbsp; It's going to 
take months before his cruel joke of "ANAL WHORE" tattoo gets fully 
covered by my hair growing back.&nbsp; But that wasn't the most humiliating 
part.&nbsp; When I got back to the dorm, all I could focus on was the throbbing 
of my scalp. I didn't notice my eyebrows until I got out of the community 
shower and saw they were thinner than before the shower. In fact they were 
not thinner, but the tattoo parlor had painted on my eyebrows. When it 
washed off, I could read the stylized words "fuck slut" right there on my 
face!!&nbsp; Every morning I had to wake up before my roommate so I can paint 
my eyebrows on to cover the words. I can't face anyone for very long, 
being self conscious that they would see "my pet name" peeking through.&nbsp; 
Eye contact means something totally different to me.

The only time I feel comfortable speaking now is facing my webcam because 
it's my fingers doing the talking and the mask covering my face. I never 
noticed that the eye holes were big enough to show the eyebrows, but one 
time the makeup smeared when I was upside down fingering myself and 
squirting on my own face.&nbsp; The people in chat commented on my "fuck slut" 
and I had to quickly shut off the cam. I made up a story that someone in 
private chat paid a hefty tip to have me paint that on.

Speaking of webcam, it's definitely giving me a lot of positive income, 
but for some reason it's also a high source of expenditure. I feel like I 
am buying lingerie all the time. I don't think I've washed a pair of 
underwear in weeks, sending them out all the time. And I had to buy, 
sorry, "invest in" all the different dildos, dongs, vibrators, plugs, and 
lube. The straps, whips, paddles, and cuffs. And most recently a Sybian 
and a fuck machine. I even had to buy the software to link up the speed, 
depth, intensity and time for those machines to the tips from the 
camshows.&nbsp; I don't think I can make the next payment.

---

We auctioned off another tattoo to pay for her tuition payment.&nbsp; What she 
didn't know was that I naturally created an account and am one of her 
prime instigators.&nbsp; Her nipples and areolas are one of those extremely 
dark ones.&nbsp; The last time I put her up for the wet t-shirt contest, she 
didn't even need to get wet to see her nipples clearly.&nbsp; So this tattoo 
was to tattoo her areolas and nipples flesh colored so to the casual 
observer it would look like she didn't have them.&nbsp; I thought that was 
hilarious because of the irony that most people want darker nipples. Not 
that most people do anything about it, least of all tattoo them.

This time I convinced her to take a pill to be knocked out. Not that she 
needed much convincing as soon as the needle touched her nipple.&nbsp; What she 
didn't know while she was out was that the tattoo artist had gotten a 
special tri-spectrum paint.&nbsp; Under normal lighting, Faye would look 
boobless. Under blue light, it would almost glow a bright pink. And 
finally glowing under the blacklight as well.&nbsp; Here is a bit of science: 
incandescent light is pretty yellow. Florescent light has a green tinge to 
it. LED light is actually blue!&nbsp; As the world turns on more and more LED 
lights, she'll be shining her bright pink nipples more and more.

Since Faye was out drugged, might as well take the opportunity. I also had 
her pussy lips tattooed with just the simple black light ink. As for her 
asshole, not only did I get the outer ring done, but actually quite a 
distance inside, about two inches in. Same black light ink. Normally you 
wouldn't see anything, but have her wear a clear buttplug and shine a 
blacklight up her ass, and any airplane will be able to land in the 
darkest of nights.&nbsp; That was not cheap! Good thing I could apply for more 
credit cards and loans under her name.

---

I was in constant pain and could only drink a liquid diet for a week. He 
also had me do constant enimas to keep it clean and not get an infection. 
I stuck by his instructions as there would be no explaining a medical 
record of "infection in rectum due to tattoo".

While I couldn't service him, he told me he was going to strip clubs, and 
that broke my heart. I signed up for a pole dancing class and went any 
time I wasn't with him to practice. I got to know the ex-stripper 
instructor so I could go in at night by myself for extra practice. I 
wanted to get a better experience while naked for a more realistic skin on 
pole feel. It's just too bad that she had studio windows that I could 
never find how to close the blinds, so I had to do my routine where anyone 
driving on the street could see me naked.

Finally I asked him to take me with him to the strip club. He gave me his 
special wink and brought along my mask that I used for webcamming. Somehow 
showing my face on stage had escaped me! He's so thoughtful.

When I got on stage, I was so surprised! My nipples were glowing!! That 
was so embarrassing to have two huge bright targets glowing brightly right 
on my chest. But I was already on stage and I could see his frown when I 
hesitated, so I started my routine. While hanging upside down, I could see 
even my pussy was glowing!! I almost fell and broke my neck. I had to grab 
the pole so hard I think I got my pussy lips bruised from rubbing against 
the pole.

When I was done, I just wanted to curl into a ball and fall into a hole. 
But he wanted to stay around for the dances, and he even paid for some 
strippers to give me dances.

---

During her webcam shows, she always wore her mask. Naturally I recorded 
all of them and made sure that if someone else didn't post them online, 
they would "somehow" get online. What she didn't know was that I kept the 
camera rolling when she got offline by a simple remote desktop fiddling. 
So there was always a clear transition of her webcam show to her full 
face, often after she'd cleaned herself off showing her "fuck slut" 
eyebrows.

Is there any question that I also recorded her strip club exposes? Cell 
phone cameras are great. Not only do I have her prepping before putting on 
her mask, but I also have her taking off her mask under the full glow of 
the blacklight clearly showing she is the girl with the blaring nipples 
and cunt.&nbsp; But that's not all I got. Obviously she saw her nipples and she 
probably noticed her cunt. But I'll bet she didn't notice every time she 
bent over, the crowd wasn't just cheering her figure but also her glowing 
asshole.&nbsp; Spinning around on that pole also showed her "ANAL WHORE" tattoo 
glowing through her hair.

---

He said I was rude to the girls at the club, and didn't respond to their 
affection. I'm not a lesbian, and part of what drove me to him at the 
beginning was that my lesbian roommate Olivia was hitting on me.&nbsp; I guess 
she was only interested in the conservative type because as soon as I 
started to change my wardrobe Olivia stopped being interested in me and 
started dating Alice, an ultra-conservative petite Chinese girl who was 
still in the closet.

He suggested I take some lessons from them on how to be affectionate 
toward other girls. There was no way they would let me watch, and Olivia 
wouldn't want a three-way with a fuck slut such as myself. Yes, I've 
noticed her staring at my eyebrows every time we talk so she must have 
noticed something.

He suggested I set up a camera to record them while I'm out of the room, 
so that I could review the videos to improve.&nbsp; They are actually quite 
passionate when no one is around. I could see Olivia fingering Alice's 
vagina almost any chance she got, and the moans when Alice sucks on 
Olivia's breasts were pretty loud. They also had a double headed dong like 
mine, though shorter than mine. They used theirs between themselves in 
what I learned was called "scissoring", unlike the 10 inch one that's up 
my butt at the moment held in by a buttplug that vibrates to sound, such 
as Olivia's moaning.

---

I have power of attorney over her, and drained her credit. I already filed 
bankruptcy on her and structured her debt such that all her webcamming and 
stripping profits just go to paying off interest, and barely at that. 
Naturally all her debt collection mail goes to a PO Box that I get so 
she's none the wiser about her dire financial straits.

Her criminal record isn't clean either. I took her on one of my business 
trips once, for no other reason than to walk her past TSA airport 
security. This was immediately after an attempted bomb, so I knew they 
would be on edge. Faye took her "comfortable" six inch metal dong up her 
ass and I wrapped a chain around her waist and between her legs to keep it 
in. I padlocked the chain and sent her through security. The TSA agents 
were confused at first, but not one was amused. Well, except maybe one 
lady that I think I saw out of the corner of my eye.&nbsp; There was petite 
little Faye standing in the middle of the busy airport having to explain 
she had a metal dildo embedded up her ass and a chain holding it in.

They even called the FBI over and shuffled her into interrogation.&nbsp; It 
wasn't until five hours later that they got the chain cut off, and had a 
bomb squad extract her dildo. In a room of 15 men and Faye bent over 
showing her gaping asshole, they finally told her all this was going on 
her criminal record, and she better not try this stunt again.

---

Not too long ago, my life plan was to finish college, finding a husband 
while doing so, then graduating and getting married to have three kids. 
(Being honest, this day and age, getting married isn't even that 
important.)

Now, I have "ANAL WHORE" and "fuck slut" tattoos on my head and face, my 
nipples and vagina glow, and I feel perfectly comfortable with an eight 
inch dong up my butt walking around campus.&nbsp; I am a webcam model with I 
don't know how many people around the world that have seen me naked with a 
fuck machine plowing into my butt while I rub my clitoris just so I can 
orgasm for the fifth time in half an hour for what amounts to $60.

At least I found a guy who still cares for me after all that and even 
having been arrested by the FBI for having an "undisclosed weapon hidden 
on person".&nbsp; He even talked a cop out of taking me to jail from the strip 
club because I was too lewd for the city ordinance.

Tuition payments are due again soon, and I just can't seem to save enough. 
I can't go home to ask for any money, my parents are tight as it is saving 
for my little sister's upcoming admissions to university.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LazyGarfield


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





