BDSM Library - Steve shows his new ponyboy




Steve shows his new ponyboy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dan visits his friend Steve. Dan is into ponygirls but he is curious to see how Steve trains his new ponyboy. For him its only a fantasy so he is curious to see a real one.  What will he find?






Steve Shows His New PonyBoy

By Richard Taillon &lt;rimicque@yahoo.ca&gt;

Chapters 1- 12
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 1

Finally I was there after a two hour drive. I could see the house at the
bottom of the mountains, in a very secluded place. At least he gave good
directions because it's almost impossible to find it at the end of a dead
end road.

As I approached, the house was a one floor building with wings.&nbsp; It seemed
well kept. I parked my car in front. You couldn't see the back as a high fence was blocking the view.

I was getting nervous now.&nbsp; I was going to see the PonyBoy that Steve talked so much about.

He wanted me to see it, like a gift you want to show to all your friends.

He must have heard me.&nbsp; He opened the main door, showing me in, greeting me, and offering me a drink. All nice, but my mind was on something else. He looked eager also.

-You want to see it?

*I didn't drive all this way for nothing

He directed me to the back door, then into the yard.&nbsp;&nbsp; Next, he opened the barn door.

It was cold, dark and damp but at the end it was brighter, I could see the
PonyBoy.

It was my first time to experience a living PonyBoy, not just a fantasy, in
stories, or videos.&nbsp; No, this is a real fucking PonyBoy!

As we came closer, he started to make noise.&nbsp; He couldn't talk as he had a big
gag in his mouth, but he was trying; making loud noises. He was pulling on his ties.&nbsp; He had a high collar connected to a big beam and a large belt securing his hands at his sides.

He was looking at me with pleading eyes.

His legs had heavy metal shackles joined by a short chain.

He was now sweating a lot.

Go back to the house Steve said.&nbsp; Make yourself a coffee while I calm
him down. He's not used to visitors.

I went back in the house, still shocked with what I had just seen.

I wondered how somebody would accept to play such a role voluntarily and be subjected to such an experience.

I guess everybody has his tastes, who am I to judge?

I have to tell you how I met Steve. 

It was online on some fetish site. I'm a married straight guy. My wife is very conservative.&nbsp; We only have vanilla sex whenever she feels like it.&nbsp; She was my high school sweetheart.&nbsp; Now after 5 years, at 23 years old, I'm stuck in a boring marriage. That's why I surf for online sex.

That's how I met Steve, who had wild fantasies like me.&nbsp; Even though he is
gay, I could share my wildest dreams with him.&nbsp; He doesn't judge me, and
I don't judge him. I would tell him about gangbangs, rape, forced sex,
slavery involving kidnapped girls with details on their boobs, cunt and ass.
He would tell me about his secret desires.&nbsp; His main obsession was about
training PonyBoys. He is older; 45 and Gay.&nbsp; In spite of our differences, we could confide in each other.

So now he has found a man willing to share his passion.&nbsp; I wish I could
find a woman like that.

Steve called me to the yard. I gave him the coffee I had prepared
and we went to the barn.

- I've only had the boy for a week now, so he's not used to showing off his body yet.&nbsp; I didn't tell him you were coming.&nbsp; He's alright now. Come, you can have a closer view.

It was true the PonyBoy was standing straight, waiting silently.

-You see, said Steve, he has a big gag in his mouth in the form of a dildo,
that's why he can't utter human sounds anymore.&nbsp; The high collar prevents him from turning his head, so he has to look forward all the time.

His hands locked in mitts and attached to the wide belt prevents him from
touching anything.

He was talking to me like he was showing his car with pride.

-You can touch him if you want, look how nice his cock is. Don't be shy,
touch him.

The PonyBoy was immobile now. I don't like touching other men's cocks but it was tempting to do.&nbsp; It and must have been humiliating for the boy to be
inspected like a piece of meat.

It was soft and wet; quite long.&nbsp; I imagined it must have been very long
when hard.

So I also felt his balls; and why not his ass while I was at it.

The PonyBoy stayed still all the time. When Steve made him turn around, I
could see angry welts on his back and legs.

He must have been into the scene deeply to go through all that humiliation
and pain.

We left him there and went back to the house to finish our coffee.

Steve explained all the training the boy went trough during his first week.

He also talked about what he had planned for the future weeks.

We exchanged thoughts for hours. I promised to come back to see the PonyBoys progress.
Chapter 2

A month had passed since my visit to Steve's place. I was very busy at work
and had to work overtime. I was looking forward to a promotion. The
director of accounting had retired and I knew I could do a good job. My
wife was always organizing weekend parties. There was no time for even some private fun on the net since I was exhausted all the time.

Friday I got a message from Steve.

- Hi Dan. How are you doing? You didn't send me any feedback about your
visit. I was also lazy; I didn't try to contact you. I have to explain that
the training of a PonyBoy is a full time job.&nbsp; It's lucky that I had a lot of
time to spare these past weeks. I'm proud to say that it (the PonyBoy)
is doing fine. Its body is improving a lot. With a diet adapted to its needs, it can run for long periods and has a lot of stamina. I had to purge
it from all the stuff it used to consume; junk food, alcohol and drugs. With
forced workout, it will become a fine specimen. It is now an obedient pony
eager to please me and ready to improve. I thought you could come and see
for yourself the results of my hard work.

I have to say that I was tempted to go. My last visit was very exiting and
it was the first time that I had experienced such a feeling. In my mind, I
could see a woman turned into a PonyGirl the same way that Steve had
done. It was hard to turn off my mind as these thoughts got me so exited. I was very curious to see how Steve had worked on the PonyBoy. 
A few things worried me; 
- Steve never mentioned where he met the boy. 
- What kind of arrangements he made with him. 
- How long he was going to keep him and
- How far he wanted to go with THE PonyBoy.

When I saw the PonyBoy, he didn't seem to be consenting. If I meet Steve again, I have to get answers to all of my questions.

It seems that my curiosity, and frankly my excitement, were overwhelming. I had to go and see for myself.&nbsp; 
I was so tired from work and house duties, it was time that I took a brake from them all. I told my wife that I had to go for a weekend meeting out of town. I worked hard all week to finish my work.

I answered Steve that I would be coming on Saturday.

I'm getting closer to my destination. It's about time I leave my stress, work and family behind. 
The nearer I am, the more exited I get..
- What happened to the PonyBoy?&nbsp; 
- What condition is he in? 
- What does he look like after a month of training? 
But, I'm also concerned about the situation. I want Steve to clarify the whole thing. I don't want to get mixed up in a dangerous situation. Nobody knows about my involvement with Steve.&nbsp; Nobody knows that I'm going there so I shouldn't be worried for myself, but what about the boy? Should I be sorry for him if he is not a willing participant?

I think I'm making to much about nothing, Steve will explain everything and
we can just enjoy playing with the PonyBoy. I have to look at it, to see
how it is being trained, how it can be worked into a real pony.
Chapter 3

- Hi Dan, I've been waiting for you, hope you had a good trip.
* It was a long drive; I was falling asleep at the end. I really need a rest.
- Since you are staying for the weekend, you will have plenty of time to rest.
* Good. We have things to discuss.
- Sure, but there is plenty of time for that. First, you have to see my
PonyBoy. You have to see how much it has improved since you came. Let's go outside. 

I really wanted some explanation, but I was also eager to take a look at the
PonyBoy. So I followed him towards the back of the house and into the yard. The barn was still to the right, but in front of it there now was a corral with a carousel in the middle.&nbsp; The PonyBoy was hooked by its nose.

- You can see how much work I had to do. It's an automatic carousel, with
three speeds, walk, trot and gallop.&nbsp; I control both time and speed. The
PonyBoy has to adapt since it has to follow the lead on its nose. You came
just in time as it has just finished its afternoon training. Look, it's
sweating and glistening from the exhaustion. Wait a minute, I'll go and
fetch it.

Steve went inside the coral, unhooked the pony from the carousel and tied its
nose to a leash. The pony followed him raising its knees high. When it was
closer, I could see how different it looked. It has no more body hair, not
even eyebrows. His head is shaven with a black strip in the middle
going all the way to the back of its neck. The lead is attached to a big
nose ring. Then in his mouth there is a bit which is tied to the back of its head. He has nipple rings.

- Show BOY

The pony, still out of breath from its running, straightens his head to
the back, pushing its pecs forward and its ass backward.

- Good BOY. 
You see Dan how obedient it is now. Its body is getting hard from all the exercises. Feel those legs, hard and lean, that ass, those pecs, and these abs.

At the same time, he touches the pony all over its body, but the pony
doesn't move an inch, letting its master feeling it.

- You can see its cock is trapped between its legs; I'm going to unhook it.

Steve opened the small padlock holding it. The pony's dick sprang up in front. Steve fondled it and it came to life, getting hard fast. It's the first time I
see it; it's big and wide. As Steve plays with it, the PonyBoy tries to stay
calm, but I can see some precum at the end.

- You can see how horny my PonyBoy is. It likes it now when I touch it.

He pats the pony at the back of its ear and takes a sugar cube from his
pocket and puts it in the PonyBoys mouth.

- Good BOY.&nbsp; You see Dan, the rule is, "When you please me, you get a reward, when you don't please me, you get punished." My PonyBoy knows that. Look how happy it is now. Do you want to touch it?

* Frankly no.&nbsp; You know that I'm straight, so it makes me feel awkward. I'm
impressed by what you have done.&nbsp; What I would like is to have a PonyGirl
for myself, like you have your own PonyBoy. I want to talk to you about
that, and other things.

- OK wait for me inside and I'll put the PonyBoy in its stall.

While I wait for him, I think of all the possibilities to train a PonyGirl,
how fun it would be. But there also are the issues with the PonyBoy. It seems
to be happy now.
Chapter 4

- So Dan, what do you think of my PonyBoy? Did you see how good its body has improved and how well it has adjusted to its new life?

* Yes, it's pretty amazing.&nbsp; In just a month, it's really spectacular!&nbsp; I hope
you're getting a lot of satisfaction from this.

- Its very exiting; I never knew I would be so involved in a project. It's so
intense, It fills my mind all the time. But it's hard work.&nbsp; All day I have
to take care of my pony.

* It should be.&nbsp; You never told me how you came across the pony and he got to accept this experience.

- You need to know more now. Can I trust you?

* Well. I'm somehow involved now. There surely is nothing illegal about the
whole thing?

- I met the boy hiking on the highway last month when I went to the big
City. I was on my way back. He just wanted a ride; feeling cold and
tired. He talked a lot, talking about his life. He had run away from home.
His step-father was abusive; very violent. Now he was moving from town to town, doing odd jobs, drinking and taking drugs as well as sleeping with girls on the street.&nbsp; He was lucky not to catch any diseases. He said that he had just completed a complete medical physical. At 18, he seemed to have seen a lot for such a young age. He asked me if I had some booze. I told him to go at the back of the van where I had some. He went to fetch it, but I told him to stay there as I can't drink and drive.&nbsp; He stayed there, lying on the mattress I always keep whenever I want to rest. After a while I didn't hear anything, So I looked in my mirror. He was sleeping soundly. He must have drunk more then one. When I reached my place, I looked again and saw that he was really drunk. I had to help him walk to the house and he just fell on the sofa. His clothes were dirty and smelly. I removed them completely and I saw that he had a nice body. He looked unnourished, but he had nice long legs, good shoulders, masculine square head, pitch black hair, and a long limp cock.

I played with his dick to see how big it would get. He started to moan,
getting out of his stupor, but not enough to see what was happening to
him. Playing with his tits and cock, I got him to get an erection, and what
a nice one.&nbsp; He was big and large, what a waste to use it on pussies. I gave
him a shot of vodka. He would be out for some time now. I thought it would
be interesting to use all of my leather gear that I had recently bought. I carried him to my bed and tied him to my bed posts. I spent the night playing with his cock, balls, tits and ass. I kept giving him more drinks from time to time, to keep him in his stupor. I finished by fucking his virgin tight ass. What a
night, after all those weeks of solitary jerking, to have such a specimen
at my disposal. So after that, I left him tied to the posts, a heavy hood
on his head.&nbsp; He couldn't see or talk anymore. He could sleep quietly for
the rest of the night. I went to sleep on the couch, exhausted and
contented.

* Wow. What a night. But the boy must have been angry when he woke up the morning.

- I slept well.&nbsp; It was late when I awoke.&nbsp; I heard some noises coming from
the bedroom. The memory of the night came back and I went to look at the
boy on the bed. Still all tied up, struggling to get out of his bonds; so
sexy with his cock still hard.&nbsp; I played with it, but never let him cum. I
just couldn't let him go. It was a gift given to me.

* But Steve, you can't keep somebody against their will.

- Seems that way, but you know the boy was in need, in danger, on the street,
with drugs, violence, homeless.

* That's true, he could have been killed.

- You know Dan; he needed to be freed from booze and drugs. I was the man
who could help him have some directions.

* But still, he didn't agree, did he?

- No, but he was lost, couldn't decide by himself. See how it reacts now,
happy to obey.&nbsp; Did you notice how it likes it when I touch its body, it
feels so good when I make it reach orgasm. Even when I give it a cube of
sugar. Didn't you see how good it felt?

* You're right, He seems so adapted to the situation, so contended. You're
probably right, he needed it, you kind of saved him from a no end life.

- Anyway you don't risk anything.&nbsp; Nobody knows you are here. You just enjoy your stay for the week-end. I'll show you all the improvements that I have made.&nbsp; You already saw the corral with its carousel. Did you see that it's automatic; I just have to program it, speed and time? I also do my own training to correct his posture with a riding crop. I want my pony to have a perfect stance when it walks, with the perfect knee heights. I make it run to exhaustion to push its limits. That's why he showed fast improvement. What name should I give it?

* With its black hair and piecing dark eyes, why not Blacky?&nbsp; Did you do all
the piercing yourself?

- I like it.&nbsp; Blacky should do nicely. As for the piercing, I didn't do it
myself. I have a friend, a former surgeon. He lost his license in the east,
so he switched to veterinary work. He also does work on the side. He's good.
I'll ask him to do some inking; tattoo the word Blacky over each tit.&nbsp; He's
also coming to do a branding on its left ass cheek. 
I'm starving; do you want to have something to eat now?

* Yes, in fact, I'm starving after that long ride. What about Blacky?

- No problem, it's used to waiting, that's its life, wait for orders.

After the meal, he took me on a tour of his installation, the barn had more
stalls, the pony was waiting in one of them.&nbsp; When it heard us, it took the
proper position; head high, pecs forward, ass sticking out.&nbsp; Steve patted it
on the head, touching its cock. The pony was leaking, in need of more
attention. It's true, Blacky likes to be a PonyBoy, really enjoying it and
doesn't need to worry anymore. After that he showed me a shower room with all the usual plumbing. It also had hooks, chains, bars; vertical and horizontal,
some things I didn't know what they were used for. Like rubber hoses. Then he showed me what he called the punishment room, it was sound proof, it was scary just to get in. I've seen dungeon on the net, you could say, it had
everything you could imagine and more. All hanging from the wall, straps,
riding crops, paddles, harnesses, cuffs, metal and leather restraints. It
was at the same time scary and exciting.

* You know Dan; you did a lot of work. I understand now why you were so
busy; traveling to buy all the stuff, then building it; installing the plumbing, electricity and walls.&nbsp; You did a good job, and all by yourself.

- Thanks a lot.&nbsp; You know it took a lot of time and effort, but I get a big
reward, fulfilling my dream fantasy; being in full control of a PonyBoy.

We went outside and he told me about his plans, he wanted to make a trail
where his pony would be trained to pull a cart, from the corral to the forest at the bottom of the mountains.

We talked all evening about his projects and mine, I told him about my own
fantasies, using his installations for a nice PonyGirl, harnessed, with a
bit and bridles, a nice tail in her ass, her pussy all wet. 

I took a long shower.&nbsp; My cock was so hard that I came. When I got to
bed, I was so horny that I forgot all my problems. All night I thought
about pussies, boobs, asses, PonyGirls pulling carts. It woke me up many
times, having multiple orgasms.
Chapter 5

Here I am suspended in a harness, I can't see anything, I don't hear
anything and can't talk. I have a wide hard gag in my mouth stretching it
painfully. My arms tied behind my back and my legs spread wide. How did I
get in that position? What a fool I was.

After my last visit, I went back to my routine.&nbsp; It all seemed dull after
the excitement.&nbsp; My mind was obsessed and filled with sexual fantasies. Then
everything crashed. My wife saw the sites I that I was visiting on my computer, as I forgot to erase my history. We had a big fight, she felt betrayed.&nbsp; She said she didn't recognize the young man she married. Finally she told me to get out. What could I say? This marriage was not satisfying for either of us. I decided to move out to a small apartment on a month to month lease to give me time to think things over. In fact, it was a liberation.&nbsp; Now I
could spend the time surfing as I wished. The problem was that I was hooked,
spending more and more time, going from site to site, from stories to stories. I stopped going to the gym and ate a lot of junk food. It even affected my work performance.&nbsp; I was always tired; I didn't get the promotion that I was hoping for. Life sort of continued without any improvement; I couldn't see the light at the end of the tunnel.

On the net I continued to communicate with Steve. Life was good for him,
his internet business was doing good. He made a lot of money and he had an
offer from a big site to buy his site. He made millions from that. Now he
had more time to spend on his little hobby. His PonyBoy, Blacky, was making progress. He was training it to pull a cart.&nbsp; Its body was adapting
splendidly to all of the training and it was responding accurately to all of his
commands.

I told him about my present situation; how I was relieved to leave my wife
and be free to do as I wished, my problems at work and lack of
motivation. I talked about my sexual involvement with PonyGirl sites, I was
obsessed with it, always on my mind, even at work. Then I told him that I
settled with my wife for the house and that I had a large amount of money
set aside.&nbsp; I could take some time off of work and use that money to get a PonyGirl.&nbsp; I asked him if I could his installation. Give him the money to organize the whole thing since he already had experience. (What a fool I was.)

He told me that it was fine with him, he had a free stall, and I could also
help him with the work load since he was planning to get another PonyBoy.
(Why didn't I get the hint?)&nbsp; 
I went back to work and arranged everything.&nbsp; I asked for a leave of absence from work, sent the money to Steve, and moved the few things I had to a storage place. I left with only my cell phone, a computer and some clothes, eager to start a new life as a PonyGirl master. It was a new start, but not the one I was thinking of.

When I arrived, Steve was welcoming as usual. We talked a lot about our
mutual plans. I felt so good for the first time in my life. I was at last
free to realize my dreams. 

He offered me a drink and then everything went dark. I just remember the wicked smile at the corner of his mouth.

When I awoke, it was pitch dark and I panicked. 
- Where am I? 
- What happened?
- Am I'm I dead? 
I tried to concentrate and relax. Everything came back to me. I was tricked. Nobody knew where I was, I even paid him. I tried to struggle to get out of my restraints but to no avail. After a while I was exhausted and stopped, just hanging like a piece of meat. I thought I must me in the barn. I never noticed that it was so cold.&nbsp; Apart from my restraints, I was naked and I could feel a small draft. The gag in my mouth was getting more painful.

I have been hanging for ages; I don't know how long. I'm cold and thirsty. Now I feel I need to pee. I try to resist, holding it in. It's beginning to be painful; I just can't piss like an animal. I try to think about something else; the pressure is mounting. What the hell. I let myself go, what a relief! It feels so good! It's as if I'd never pissed before! When I realize what I had done, that the ground must be filled with my urine, I feel ashamed that I can't control myself.

Time passes. I still don't know how long... so slowly. Now I can smell my
piss filling my nostrils. It's so cold! I have goosebumps on my legs, arms and
shoulders.&nbsp; I just wish I had something to warm me up. I am so thirsty now,
my mouth is so dry and painful with the gag. I try to push it out, but it's
hard; like wood, so wide, I feel its going to break my jaw.

Seconds, minutes, hours pass, still nothing. The cold, that awful smell and
I just wish I could have a drink.

I think about my stupidity. How could I fall in such an obvious trap, any
intelligent person would have known?&nbsp; I'm so angry at myself. And Steve, that fucking bastard, right now I would kill him if I could. He was such a good friend; I confided in him, told him my intimate thoughts. When
I think about him, I get into frenzy, trying to free myself. I calm myself; I just have to wait for the right moment, not to waste my energy.
When he gets here, I will tell him what I think. He has no right to do
this. I'm not like the other boy, submissive and obedient. Does he really
think he is going to turn me into a fucking PonyBoy? The hell not! First
I'm a straight man, I'm a dominant person. I'll never accept to obey him.
To allow him to touch me, just thinking about that makes my skin crawl.

Suddenly I hear the sound of the door opening, some footsteps and the
breathing of somebody close to one ear. I start struggling with all my
might; trying to shout. Then I hear the voice of Steve.

- Well if it's not my friend Dan. I'm so happy to see you naked at my
disposal; I've been waiting for this for such a time. At last you surrender
to me, not voluntarily as I thought you would, A nice 23 years old straight,
ready to serve. Don't struggle too much, you will hurt yourself, you can't
get out of these bindings. I decided to take you on when I saw you naked. I
installed a cam in the bathroom and the bedroom, you gave me quite a show
when you came for that weekend. I thought it would be a waste to have such a body used for pussies. And what a cock; it's almost as big as Blacky and you have seen its size. Too bad you won't get to cum so much.&nbsp; I hope you had plenty of time to enjoy it. It belongs to me now; I will control it like the rest of your body. Sorry you can't reply. I'll have to do all the talking. I had to take you out of your misery. Your life was going nowhere. You didn't have the nerve to have a PonyGirl for real; it was just in your head.&nbsp; Shh.... stay quiet.&nbsp; I don't understand what you are saying. Anyway, you're wasting your energy.&nbsp; I know what you want to say.&nbsp; I was looking for a new pony as you already know and you came into the picture, young, straight and good looking.&nbsp; Well, not so good now.&nbsp; You smell terrible; you really let yourself go in the last weeks.&nbsp; Don't worry, I'll get you in shape in no time. Shh... Shh... Stop making noises every time you don't agree or are upset. You need to have a new direction in your life. I will help you find your way. Remember how well Blacky is doing now.&nbsp; It will be the same for you. I'll let the situation sink in for a couple hours and come back for your fist day of training.

He's crazy! I have to get out of here. It's a nightmare! Does he really
think that he can do that to me? What can I do? I have to stay calm, wait
till I have a chance to escape, just wait for the right occasion. He can't
keep me against my will. Slavery doesn't exist anymore. Somebody has to
stop him. It's still freezing and I'm so thirsty, waiting like a fool for
Steve to come back.&nbsp; He won't be able to change me.&nbsp; I'm strong and
resistant. What can he do? I'll resist. I'll show him that I'm a real man, not a
sissy boy. I hear the door open again and his footsteps.

- Listen boy, this is your first training day, you will experience pain,
real pain. Let it be a lesson for you. I can give you as much pain as I
wish. But I'm a good master. Remember this, if you obey, you get rewards,
if you disobey, you get punishments. Today you will experience a lot of
pain, let it be a lesson, I can dish out much more. First the riding crop.

Oh my god! He's really mad. He takes my left arm and pulls it high then does the same to my right arm.&nbsp; He removes the harness, spreads my legs and
attaches them. I am now spread-eagled. I feel my arms pulled upward so that
I stand on tiptoe. I feel the first blow at the back of my left leg. It stings but not so bad. Next on to the other leg, then to my back. I try to move, but I can't.&nbsp; I hold my breath and the blows continue on my back, my legs and my ass, getting harder and harder.&nbsp; It's getting painful, but I won't be broken. I have to resist. My entire backside is feeling pain now, and then it stops for a while.&nbsp; Then it's on to the front of my legs, my pecs, and my stomach. It's raining from all sides; back and front, harder and harder.&nbsp; I try not to cry, but I can't resist, I'm shouting through my gag, it's so painful. It continues and continues, never seems to be ending. I'm in pain from head to toe.

- Good boy, I'll take a break, I need to rest. Since I'm a good master, I'll give you some water with a tube that goes directly in the gag. I don't want my boy to be dehydrated; you need to be strong for the next lesson: the paddle. But first I'll clean the place. All that piss and sweat. Loosen your restraints a bit. See you soon.

I can still feel the pain all over, but it's subsiding. I can breathe normally again, get a grip on myself.&nbsp; The water is dripping slowly in my throat, what a relief but it's not enough, I need more. It diminishes slowly and comes to a halt. I wait and nothing comes anymore. I was sweating profusely but now my body is feeling the cold. I'm trembling. I'm back to my former state; cold, thirsty plus the pain. The wait is worse, how much more can I take? As usual, I can almost count the seconds. It helps me spend the time and forget my condition. 60 seconds, 1 minute, then 2, 3, 4 and then my mind starts wandering, I shouldn't have accepted Steve's offer.&nbsp; I should have stayed with my wife; I should have kept my job. Thinking about my sex sites, PonyGirls, and so on.... 
He's back. He tightens my arms higher and my legs further back, my ass is now fully exposed. I hear the smack on both my ass cheeks, and suddenly the pain registers. I howl loudly gasping for air. STOP! STOP! (I say in my head,) I prepare for the next one, it lands on my right cheek, and I don't have time to react.&nbsp; Another blow on the left.&nbsp; I start to cry out loud, PLEASE STOP, PLEASE STOP, PLEASE STOP. (Nothing comes out clearly) Hyperventilating, my ass is on fire. The blows continue on a regular base, ten on each cheek, ten on both, harder and harder, my ass must be black from all the abuse, permanently damaged. Its stops and I feel Steve's hand on my painful ass; it feels cold against my burning buns.

- So boy you did well, I'll let you rest, loosen you up and give you more
water. You can thank me to take care of you and teach you a good
lesson. The next one is the whip. Wait for me.&nbsp; True, you have no choice.
I'll make myself a nice coffee.

What a bastard!!! My ass is killing me. And he has the nerve to ask me to
thank him. It's true that I feel better. I'm so thirty.&nbsp; I could at last relax in my bonds. After a while, the dripping stopped and I was freezing again. Worse, I had to piss.&nbsp; This time I didn't wait and I just let it flow. What did I have to loose? My dignity? How much lower can I go? Naked with my ass probably a bright red if not an angry black. I was now focused on my body, just my pain, just the cold, just the thirst. I couldn't think about anything else. Can I survive the rest of my ordeal? Just the thought of the whip scared me.&nbsp; I had images of people getting whipped in films. It must be terrible, where would it land, my ass is already a mess, my legs and back so sensitive. I have to wait, it seems like ages, I fear and long for Steve to come back... Suddenly the familiar sound of the door.&nbsp; He changes my position. I am stretched very tight almost hanging from my wrists, my toes hardly touching the ground with my weight pulling me down. I hear the sound of the whip a few times.&nbsp; The bastard must be practicing. I wait holding my breath.&nbsp; I feel the leather around my back and front.&nbsp; I hear the sound, then the pain surges from the lash.&nbsp; I'm out of breath, can't even shout. NO PLEASE NO.&nbsp; IT'S SO PAINFUL, IT'S KILLING ME.&nbsp; Then he lashed my back from the shoulders to my wait, each time in a line, on a different spot, I gasp for air each time, waiting for the other blow. (I'm floating now, a beautiful girl sucking my dick, so wonderful, slowly taking it, her amazing blue eyes looking at me.)

- Wake up boy, it's not time to leave me, you must feel all the blows. I
see that your cock is hard. You've learn a precious lesson, pain and
pleasure can come together.

All the hurt comes back. Its crazy, how can pain cause pleasure? I felt so
miserable.&nbsp; He must have come in front, because this time he hits me on my
pecs. OH IT'S SO BAD, OH GOD, MAKE IT STOP, PLEASE.&nbsp; He keeps going on lower until he reaches my abs. It's a sharp pain each time, cutting my skin. I'm now sobbing, pleading, wishing to faint again.&nbsp; PLEASE STEVE, PLEASE STOP, I'LL DO ANYTHING. Mummm mummm I know he can't understand.&nbsp; I'm almost chocking myself on the gag. It just pure pain, nothing else exists.

- This was your third lesson boy, I hope you are learning from this, the
next one is the cane. You'll never forget it.&nbsp; Now I'll give you more water
and put some cream to make you feel better.&nbsp; It will hurt at first, but after it
will heal your wounds faster.&nbsp; You'll see that I take good care of you. You need more time to recover and prepare for your last lesson, so just wait
patiently. I'll have plenty of time to eat. I also need to take care of Blacky.&nbsp; You're not the only needing attention here. Don't be selfish, it should take a while, stay put.

All my weight is on my arms, I am in shock, and I can almost feel each stripe
on my back and front. I can't even move an inch, every movement causing
some pain.&nbsp; I shake when he applies the cream, each line burning more than
the other. I cringe whenever he touches a wound.&nbsp; After loosening the restraints, he leaves me with my pain, standing in my pool of piss, naked,
suffering and cold. At least he left the water drip permanently, I can swallow
and soothe my throat. Can I go through another round of torment? And the
cane?

It sounds terrible.&nbsp; It must be worse than the whip since he left it for last. I
hope I will faint again.&nbsp; I can't believe that I had a hard-on. He's playing with
my mind. That fucking bastard is pushing me to the limit. I don't know how I
will survive and now I have to wait; wait in pain and fear, wait in the cold, and wait smelling my own piss.

I'm waiting in the dark, shivering and in pain. Dreading the moment of the
cane. My body screams all over from the crop, the paddle, the whip. I tried
to block my brain; think about something else. Hide in a space inside my
mind. Will I be able to stay sane in this house of pain? If I could only
wake up from this nightmare. The doors cracks and my skin shivers with the
draft.

- I see you have waited for me patiently. I had a nice warm soup and the
football game was interesting. I hope you didn't miss me. Well I'm back to
give you your last and memorable lesson that you won't forget.&nbsp; Blacky has
already experienced it, he came out an obedient boy, eager to please.&nbsp; I'm
sure that will be your case. You won't even think about displeasing me, you
know I can be harsh.&nbsp; It can be worse; you don't want to see that. I will
give you 20 lashes of the cane. I will count them so that you can prepare
yourself.&nbsp; Breathe in and brace yourself. I'll try not to break the skin
because I don't like seeing permanent marks on my PonyBoys. After that I'll
apply some vinegar to disinfect the wounds. It will make the marks
disappear and heal fast. First I have to adjust the bounds to make your
ass, legs and back be a good target. You can make noises as much as you can
and try to move around, it will help you take it better.&nbsp; I'll wait between
each hit to give you time to recover.&nbsp; I don't want you to miss anything.&nbsp; You need to remember each blow.

Now brace yourself, breath in, its coming...

1&nbsp;&nbsp; A nice hit, that's it, release your anger.
2&nbsp;&nbsp; Shout at the end of your lungs.
3&nbsp;&nbsp; Release your fears.
4&nbsp;&nbsp; Stay with me, breath.
5&nbsp;&nbsp; You're doing well.
6&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah all those nice welts.
7&nbsp;&nbsp; I know it's hard, but you must learn.
8&nbsp;&nbsp; Good boy. Breathe.&nbsp; Let go of your anger, your pain.&nbsp; Feel it deep inside.
9&nbsp;&nbsp; I like the sound of before it hits you and then your reaction.
10 You will never forget this.
11 Shout more, don't keep it in.
12 I know you're pleading me to stop, begging, but you will make it.
13 That's it, don't let go.&nbsp; Stand up straight, show how proud you are, not
a weakling.
14 I know you can do it.
15 Only 5 left.
16 Three fast.&nbsp; One at the back of your thighs&nbsp;&nbsp; 17 18 19
Breathe.&nbsp; Stay calm.&nbsp; Here comes the last one.&nbsp; Brace yourself
20 Good boy!&nbsp; You came through without fainting.&nbsp; You must be in shock by
now.&nbsp; I will let you reflect on your experience.&nbsp; I'll put you back in your
harness, your hands behind you. You won't get water anymore.&nbsp; I have to clean you up again. I don't want you to mess up the place again. I'll see you
tomorrow and start your PonyBoy training.
Chapter 6

I'm wide awake now. In complete dark, shivering and suffering. How long
have I been hanging? I don't know. At first, I just fell into a kind of
coma, drifting in and out, I've never experienced so much hurt in my
life. Just wished, I could escape, wake up or run away. But everything came
crashing back after a while, my terrible ordeal, my former life, my
foolishness. The fact that I can't see anything makes it much more worse, it
heightens my sensations. Every time I move, even just a bit, I hurt so
much. So I just left myself hang . But my brain doesn't stop. All kind of
thoughts going in my head, past and present. The pain is tolerable now, its
kind of a general numbness. My ass and thighs still burning, it must be the
caning, yet I can deal with it. How can I get out of this nightmare? Steve
is a nutcase, a fucking sadist who enjoys torturing people. I don't want
ever to relive that beating. I'll just have to play the game and make him
think that I'm submitting to his will. When I have a chance,I'll escape
from this hell. Does he really think that he can change me, have me accept
such a crazy thing, becoming a PonyBoy, and worse from a faggot. I am much
stronger now, I know I can resist. Just don't want to have more pain. I'll
play his game, we will see who is going to win in the long run. If only I
could see, quench my thirst, have that awful gag remove from my mouth. I
almost wish Steve would come back. He wont turn me into his willing PonyBoy, he can be as manipulative as he can, he wont break my spirit.

My mind wanders from thoughts to thoughts, daydreaming when I am dozing, focusing on my body when I'm awake. Pain,cold,thirst, and just waiting, if only Steve would come back at least I could deal with what he has in stock for me. He said he would start my training. What a fool, I'm not letting him do it so easily. I'm waiting and waiting, preparing myself.

Then after some hours, feels like days, I hear the familiar door opening,
the draft and his steps.

- I see me boy is ready. Did you learn your lesson? I'm sure your ass wont
forget. Well, it doesn't look so bad, the marks will go away and I will be
able to enjoy the sight of your cute bum. Before I start your training,I'll
give some water,so you can recuperate,I will inspect your body. I see that
you have a little beer belly,that's not nice boy,we will have to work on
that.

He is treating me like a little boy, I hate it when he calls me BOY. I'm
not a boy and surely not HIS boy. He ties my arms and legs, spreadeagled,
then removes the harness,I feel his hands on my back,they are so warm
against my skin.

-Now BOY ,I'm going to remove your gag on one condition,you are not to
utter a single word,you can make noises but not a single word. Is that
clear BOY? Nod your head if you understand, if you utter even just a single
human word,the gag goes back and you will be punished severely. Do you
agree BOY?

What can I do? This awful gag is killing me, my throat is parched dry, my
jaw must be broken after so much time. I would do anything to get rid of
it. I nod my head. I feel a finger reaching inside my mouth, stretching it
painfully, then pushing the gag out. What a relieve, I can breath trough my
mouth again. I slowly try to close my mouth, it hurts so bad. But I
succeed,I close it, move my tongue, lick my lips, my tooth. He puts
something in my mouth, a bottle that I start to suck,I `m like a baby,its
silly but so good. Suddenly he removes it, oh I need more...

- Listen BOY. I'm going to inspect you from head to toe, I want you to stay
still. If you do as I say I will give you some more water. Remember you
obey,you get reward, you don't obey, you get punished.

I realized how thirsty I am. I don't want him to touch me, a fucking gay
asshole feeling me. But what can I do? I need that water, cant continue
like that. So I stand straight and rigid. I now feel his warm hands on my
back, I hate to say that it feels good, then my shoulders, he goes slowly,
rubbing my skin gently, I forget the pain, just a soothing feeling, He rubs
my legs, my ass, my pecs, my stomach, my cock Ah... I grind my teeth,
forcing myself to stay quiet. He touches my balls, I'm really trying not to
move. Suddenly,I feel something poking my asshole and I shout FUCK

- What did you say BOY, I told you not to utter a word. You have to be
punished for that!

He pushed back the gag in my mouth before I can realize whats happening. My mouth is still sore. I try to say that I'm sorry,it was just a reflex. But
what can I say now with that big gag in my mouth? I really tried not to
move,I didn't want to feel more pain,but when I felt his finger in my
hole,it just came out. I'm sure that wicked man knew that,he just wanted to
punish me more.What kind of punishment hes is going to give me? My hands
and legs are stretched tight again. I'm waiting fearful of the next
step. What did he have in his crazy mind?

-BOY you did bad. You forgot your lesson, remember: reward if you obey,
punishment if you disobey. Since your ass,back and front are already sore,I
don't want to scar my new pony. There is a part,I didn't touch yet. I'm
going to work on your balls. Sh...sh relax boy, I know this will be
hard,but as a good master,I must teach you,next time you wont forget.&nbsp; Your
nuts just waiting. I'll strike them 20 times, each blow separate, to give
you time to register the pain, recover and wait for the other one. I hope
this time you will learn..

1 BOY 2 BOY 3 BOY 4 BOY 5 BOY 6 BOY 7 BOY 8 BOY 9 BOY 10 BOY don't move,you'll harm your balls 11 BOY 12 BOY 13 BOY your nuts are all swollen and warm now 14 BOY 15 BOY your getting there 16 BOY 17 BOY don't worry,your nuts are not pertinently harmed 18 Boy looks so nice, angry red, so big now, I'm sure you brain will never forget 19 BOY the last big one breath deeply brace yourself here it comes 20 BOY I really hope I don't have to repeat this. That you will be a good boy. Reflect on that. I'll
leave you in your harness,in the dark,no water,with your gag in .I'll see
you tomorrow.

Its pitch blank,I've been in the complete dark for I don't know how long. I
feel dizzy sometime,but if I stretch my legs,I can touch the ground with my
toes,it helps my brain to understand where is up and down and not loose my
balance. I don't how much time has passed, Steve said see you tomorrow, if
I count the times he came,it must be three days I'm hanging like a piece of
meat with no water in the cold. That terrible smell,piss and feces.Hours
must have passed since my last ordeal. At first I was in shock,my brain
just shuted down.Trying to forget what happened. But now the searing pain
in my balls reminds me what I went through. It was worse than the first
beating. I remember precisely the first blow: it went directly to my brain,
I thought I would die,tied high,I couldn't protect myself,I felt like
vomiting,I think I lost my mind,pissed and relieved myself.Each stoke was
worse and I couldn't even faint. The bastard let me recover between each
blow,going slowly,I could hear his voice teaching his little boy. Who does
he think he is? I felt so hopeless. Living that hell. I'm sure I don't want
to relive that terrible experience. I have to submit to his will for the
time being. I know I will survive and the Ben inside me will come out of
this. But now I have to concentrate on keeping my mind,first I thought I
was loosing it. I keep repeating to myself: I'm Dan,a free man,a straight
guy. This asshole wont break my spirit....I hear footsteps,,,at last
...water...Steve is coming...I hope he removes the gag.....I need to stay
quiet....I can do that....
Chapter 7

- Yuck. It smells awful here. You have to learn to stay clean BOY, now I
have to remove all that piss and shit.

What a bastard! I don't control anything. I'm the one staying in the middle
of this awful mess,having to wait for him to come back. I hear the water
splashing,must be running down the drain in the corner of the room,its cold
on my feet.

- I'll keep the door open to clear the air. Lets go back to our business. I
will remove your gag again,lets hope you will be good this time. Are you
BOY? Will you be a good boy? Nod if you agree. ...Nice boy. Remember next time it will be worse,so keep that in your mind. Also no more pissing,I
don't want to keep cleaning the place. From time to time I'll let you piss
in a bucket. Now I'll remove the gag and clean you up:your beginning to
stink . This room is fucking cold,I'll heat it,I like to be comfortable
when I work on my pony.Stay put when I prepare all the stuff.

This guy is crazy! He's cold! What about me?I'm hanging,naked,shivering,for
hours. At least,the smell is not so bad. I hope he doesn't forget to give
me something to drink. Its terrible to be so dependent,I can't even piss
without his permission. He comes back, its getting warmer slowly. What a
relief! He removes the harness after tying up my arms. He also removes the
gag. What a relief!!! He feeds me the bottle and I suck eagerly. Then he
starts rubbing me gently with a hot cloth.. Feels so great. The air is much
warmer now,so pleasant,makes me think about a massage I had once,so
relaxing and so soothing. Steve washes me from neck to feet,all over. Then
he rubs my body with a cream, slowly, deeply,gently. I almost forget the
hurt on my ass and back,it seems he's caressing me,touching my private
parts, cock,arse,nuts,carefully.

-I'm hungry. I'll let you enjoy while I prepare my lunch. I'll leave the
heat on for awhile. Don't worry I'll be back.

I hear him close the door,for the first time in days,I'm warm,I can close
my mouth,breath easily and just relax. I forget that I'm standing naked in
the dark,my body still hurting from all the abuse,specially my balls. But I
can just let go and doze off.

- Wake up boy,time to start your training. Remember to follow my orders,if
not you will feel the sting of the riding crop. But first you have to tell
me you are going to be a good boy. These words will be the last you
utter. I want you to tell me you are going to obey.

Are you going to submit? I need you to say YES MASTER

I'm waiting, Say it loud and clear. Or you are going to feel the riding
crop on your balls.

Now say it!

Yesssss MASSSTERRR

-That was not so bad. From now on,no words,no human sounds,just noises. You are a PonyBoy,you must accept it.

I cant believe I said it. That he could make me say that. NO, NO I'm not a
PonyBoy and he is not my master. But what can I do? I can't take more
punishment. I have to swallow my pride. I'm sure my day will come,I can get
out of this hell.

- Good I'm going to put a wide belt around your waist,restrain each hand on
both sides.

I want you to stand straight,your head up,...higher,that's it,boy.

Push your pecs out,your arms backward

Arch your back and stick your ass ,more,that's nice,show me your ass

That's the PonyBoy show position,whenever I say SHOW you take that
position,

I can feel him breathing around me, I try to hold the position,when I relax
a bit,he hits me with the crop,I go back in position,he pushes back my
head,touches my pecs,my stomach,my ass. Each time I move,he hits me with
the crop. I try to focus.Its hard,my neck and back are straining,just when
I thought,I couldn't hold on....

- Relax boy. Breath,......

- SHOW... Faster, take the position, head higher, pecs out, stick your ass,
more.

Good Boy, you have to react faster,you take the position as soon as you
hear it.

If your not fast enough you get the crop,you'll learn.

Relax.....

SHOW...

Relax....

SHOW

Relax...

We've been practicing for a long time,I'm getting tired,I take the position
fast,he's hitting me harder when I have just a fraction of second delay. He
doesn't let go,shouting,hitting me,pushing me to my limits.

- You've done well boy. You can relax now,I'll come back later. Blacky
needs me,he's been running for ages.

At last I can relax. I feel weak,I realized I haven't eaten for days. I had
to deal with so much that I forgot about eating,but now my stomach is
making noises. I felt so ridiculous taking that freaking position,sucking
that bottle,feeling his touch on my body.I have to admit that it wasn't so
bad,the warmth of his hands rubbing me all over made me feel good. I hope
when he comes back he will let me pee, keep the heating on and with luck
feed me.

- I hope boy you had a good rest. You can breath and relax. I brought a
bucket so can take a leak,I know your not use to piss in front of
somebody,just let if flow,that's it,good boy.

Listen now.

SHOW, not fast enough.

Ouch!! He strikes me again. I'm trying hard to take the position. I need to
concentrate to avoid more pain.

- Your position is better,I need to train you more. Stay like that. Don't
move. While I inspect your body....

When I tell you,you will run on place don't need to move fast,there is a
cam recording you,if you stop before I tell you,you get the paddle ten
times on your arse. I wont stay but I'll be watching you.

Start now.

I've been running for a while,at first it was easy,but I'm starving,feeling
weak,its getting harder,the choice is between being paddled or pushing
myself. I have to keep on,trying to forget everything,just focus on my
legs,lifting them,one by one,I can't continue,I'm exhausted,in fear of the
paddle on my ass,my cheeks still feeling the previous pain. If only Steve
would come back...

- You can stop now, breath, slowly...

SHOW. Nice,its almost perfect.I have a surprise for you because you've been
a good boy. Wait a minute. Relax. Open your mouth.

I open my mouth worried hes going to put back the gag,no I feel some
metal,its a spoon. He's feeding me,like a baby,so demeaning,but I need to
eat,I swallow each spoonful. I wonder what it is. It's tasteless,maybe like
pablum,neither sweet or salty,just bland. I eat everything he gives me,I
need to get stronger.

- Eat all boy,lick the spoon clean. When your finished,I'm going to get you
ready for the night,make you piss, put back the harness,your hands tied
behind you,your feet will touch the ground,with your hood and since I don't
need it anymore,I'll turn off the heating. Don't worry,you'll get used to
it. Tomorrow I will remove the hood,on one condition,you must take the SHOW position when I enter. Your feet are on the ground,you can do it. If you fail,you'll keep it longer.

Have a good night. Pleasant dreams!

Chapter 8

I wake up suddenly. Everything comes back fast. Its the first time I don't
feel terrible. I haven't felt like that for days. Not thirsty,not feeling
hungry ,even not so cold,I must be getting used to it. The pain is
reasonable,I can deal with it. I need to pee,I know I have to hold it,I
don't want more punishment. Then I remember that Steve will finally remove
that horrible hood. I can't see for so many days now,I have to be
alert,listen carefully,I don't want to miss his entry. I prepare myself to
move fast,to react as soon as he comes.

- Nice BOY!!! Your doing good. I notice that even your dick is standing at
attention. We have a busy day in front of us. First I have to let you
piss,clean your body and teeth,rub your skin to make it shinny. Stay in the
SHOW position all the time. I'll put the belt on with your hands tied to
the side, then if your still in position,I'll remove the hood.

I have to stay in that fucking position while he makes me pee. Have you
ever had somebody hold your cock when your pissing? Its really
embarrassing. Then he cleans me all over,tells me to open my mouth while he
brushes my teeth. Ask me to spit out the paste. After he rubs my skin
vigorously. I feel so hopeless,naked,made to pee,cleaned thoroughly,teeth
included,it seems even my cock is betraying me:its just my morning
hardon,another thing I can't control I really want to have the hood
removed,to be able to see again. So I stand straight,letting him touch
me,mute and naked,trying hard to stay still.&nbsp; Finally I fell his fingers on
the hood,he takes it off. I CAN SEE. My eyes are blinking. Its been days
without seeing anything. I look around, I can recognize all the stuff I had
seen during my visit hanging on the walls. I'm facing one of the side wall,
Steve moves in front of me. I see the familiar face,there is a major
difference,he seems so arrogant and menacing,not the smiling man I used to
talk to. He has the riding crop in his right hand,his eyes inspecting me,I
try to hold the eye contact for some seconds,then look down. Its not the
time to defy him.

- You can relax boy. I know you need to adjust to the light. You have to
start running again. Don't push too much,your still weak,I'll go and
prepare your food. I'll give it to you if I'm satisfy you did your
best. I'll take you out of this place and continue your formation START
running.

I can see at last,i notice every details,the ground,the ceiling,the wall
covered with awful tools of torture. It makes me go back to the terrible
ordeal,the intense pain I went through.&nbsp; I'm so relieve Steve will take me
out of this hellish place,I'll never forget what happened here,so I'm glad
Steve is planning to moving me out. I know hes responsible but nevertheless
he only can save me from the horror.&nbsp; I've been running at a slow but
regular pace,trying not to exert myself too much. I want Steve to be
satisfied with my performance. I feel better,I can look around,move my
jaw,my tongue,lick my lips,my legs. I know I'm naked,can't talk,can't
pee,can't go away. Still I'm stronger,resolved to survive,to fight on,Ben
is still alive deep inside,resisting,just wanting to overcome at the end.
When Steve comes back,I keep on running,waiting for his signal. He tell me
to stop and SHOW,I quickly take the position and wait. I stand rigid
breathing heavily while he moves around inspecting me with his eyes and
hands,I don't dare move an inch. He pulls out a baby bottle and I have to
suck the tepid liquid. He holds it high so I have to swallow to the last
drop. When its finished,he takes out a bowl. He feeds me the contents with
a spoon. Its the same pasty food,without any taste. I eat fast without any
pleasure knowing it must be nourishing. He wipes my face with a rag and
brushes my teeth. I'm still holding the SHOW position,its getting hard.

- Stay BOY

He hits me with the riding crop. I try not to move. He pulls out a cord and
ties my cock and balls,pulling to test it.

- I'm moving you out, you just need to follow me. Come now.

I have to follow him,on a leash like an animal. But its so good to leave
this place with all its bad memories of pain,despair,cold,darkness.

I walk barefoot behind him holding the leash. We pass the stalls,I don't
see Blacky,he must still be training outside. I haven't been inside for
days,it would be good to feel the sun on my skin again. Steve takes me to
the shower room,he ties each hand separately to a high bar,remove the
belt,I'm completely naked except for the restraints on my wrists, he turns
on the water,hot water is flowing on me,its so great,to feel that warmth on
my body,on my head,my shoulders,down to my legs. I close my eyes to enjoy
the feeling. He rubs my skin with a soap,all over,then washes my hair with
a shampoo,my beard also. It must be longer,I used to keep it well
groomed,in fashion. He turns off the water and let me dry. I see he's
taking a tube with a big end that he inserts into my asshole.

_ I'll give you three enemas to clean your inside,you need to hold it until
I tell you to let go.

It is hard to comply,I never had any enema before,but I manage to hold on
until he gave me permission to relieve myself,it is particularly hard to
endure the cramps. Finally at the third enema,I let it all go,its just
clear water going down the drain. Steve looks at me pissing and shiting
between my legs,he seems to be enjoying the sight of my demise. When I'm
completely empty he rinses me and leaves me off to dry.

- Now that your clean inside,I'll will shave your body. Its about time you
look like a real PonyBoy. Get ride of all that hair. You'll look much
better.

What the fuck! I don't want to be shaved. I've never shaved my body. I like
it when women shave their pussy,its much nicer to lick a clean-shaven
girl. But its so ridiculous and unmanly for a real straight man,turns him
into a prepubescent boy,a real man would never do that. How low must I go
before I get out of this predicament? I hear the buzz of the electric
shaver. He starts with my legs,doesn't take long,I'm not very hairy. Same
with the arms,back.,pecs,stomach,it takes longer with my crotch,my balls,my
ass,my asshole. He stops to admire his work. He then starts to cover me
with shaving cream.

_-Don't move boy,if you don't want me to cut you. Your much to young to
loose your precious private parts!!!

He starts shaving me with a straight razor. I don't move an inch. When he
gets to my balls and cock,I'm worried,I stand completely still. He seems to
be good,I just feel a few nicks,here and there. Its true he's been
practicing a lot with Blacky who's always clean shaven. At the end he
removes all the shaving cream with a wet towel. I'm now as naked as a
newborn baby. He puts back the belt and attaches my arms on the side.

- Now get down on your knees BOY. I'll take care of your head.

No that can't be! My hair! He wont do that? My pride. I put so much money
on them,my only caprice in life.I struggle but he pushes me down and hits
me hard with the crop. I hear the buzz of the clippers,he does the side.I
can see the locks falling on the ground. My eyes are wet,I start to cry. He
must be doing a mohawk style haircut,he just cut the back and the side
leaving the top. He finishes with the shaving cream and the razor. I'm
crying silently like a baby. Next goes my beard. And even worse he shaves
my eyebrows. He cleans me up with the towel.

- Stand up boy, NOW or you'll feel the crop.

He tightens up my arms,have a good look at his work. He looks so
pleased,caressing me,playing with my cock and balls,he puts one finger in
my asshole. I just stand there defeated. My face covered with tears.

- Wait boy, I'm going to prepare Blacky for the night and take you to your
stall.

When he comes back,I have tried to recover,still in shock to have lost all
my hair. When Steve comes back,I just let him lead me with a leash around
my cock and balls. He takes me to the stall just in front of Blacky. He
leaves me with my hands on my side and put some high heel boots on my
feet. I'm now taller than him. He inserts a hook in my ass and a bit in my
mouth.

-Your ready for the night. The bit will keep you quiet and the hook will
prevent you from falling,you have to get used to be standing all the
time. Try to sleep well. Your lucky the good doctor is coming tomorrow.

I look across the aisle. Blacky is staring at me with its piercing black
eyes. I wondered what he is thinking.? Is he angry because I didn't rescue
him? Or is he happy to see me in such a state,looking like a PonyBoy like
him? I understand now what he went through. What a fool I was,to believe
that he was consenting. But the hair con grow back, its not like him.At
least, me I don't have all those rings in my nose,tits and cock. What does
the doctor have in stock for me....?
Chapter 9

Its morning. Sunbeams flooding the barn through the skylight and warming
slowly the place. I can clearly see the high roof with its strong beams,the
wooden floor shining and the three stalls in front of me,closed with a high
gate. Blacky is awake now,looking at me with its bright black eyes. I can
only see his head and shoulders higher than the barrier. He's very tall
with his high boots. He has a bit in his mouth preventing him from
talking. He seems well rested. That's not my case. It's been a long
night. I had to stand upright all the time,the hook in my ass stopping me
from bending my knees. I saw those hooks in the sm videos,its a metal
device with a ball at the end. Since its tied to a beam high up,I can't
remove it. Its alright if I stand straight but whenever I let go,it pulls
on my asshole,I have to straighten again. How can I sleep? Every time I
doze,it awakens me. Blacky must be used to it because he looks refreshed
after his night. He was even snoring at one point,contributing to my
restless night. My legs are killing me. How can he stay standing all day
long? I never thought about that when I saw him. The high boots are not
comfortable,its like being on tiptoe,pushing you forward and your ass
backward,always trying to keep your balance.I spent all night trying to get
some sleep and keeping my balance.

Blacky is moving his head,up and down,his long black mane swinging. He
seems to be greeting me,staring intensively at me. Its kind of reassuring
to have somebody to share your plight,maybe it makes him feel better. On my
part I'm ashamed to have been an accomplice to his downfall and also
mine. So I nod back sheepishly to acknowledge his gesture.

I can hear Steve coming with his heavy boots,he opens both gates. I can see
Blacky standing on the SHOW position. Immediately I straighten myself,I
don't want to feel the crop. Steve puts on a harness on Blacky,with a large
belt and straps pushing his pecs up,going around his torso. He really looks
like a PonyBoy. A tall one with:long legs,nice ass,big pecs,black
mane,horse bit. He looks taller,his boots must be higher than before. . Hes
towering over Steve who is not a small man who hooks a leash to his nose
ring. Blacky follows him slowly,lifting his knees high. It's an amazing
site,almost unreal. A human pony walking like an animal led by its
master. I can't believe I will be forced into that position.

I can only wait. I realized how dependent I am. Waiting to be fed,to be
watered,to be cleaned. Waiting to piss and shit. Can't use my hands,can't
touch myself, can't do a simple thing like scratching my nose,there's a fly
troubling me,I feel so hopeless. I have to focus again. Steve can do what
he wants but I'm still Dan,a straight man,an intelligent person. I can
resist. I'll find a way to escape,he can't hold me against my will. He will
drop his guard maybe just a minute and I'll get out of this hell. I listen
to his steps waiting for him to return.

Finally he is back. As soon as I hear him I take the SHOW position,he
removes the arse hook, ties my cock and balls,leads me toward the shower
room. I's hard to move with the boots on. We enter the room,warm and
nice,what a change. He hooks me to a high bar and removes the belt and the
boots.

-You know, the doctor is coming today. He's going to give you a complete
checkup. So I need to get some samples of your urine and stool.

He makes me pee and collects it in a tube. I have to relieve myself in
front of him,he takes a sample. He gives me the enemas like he did
yesterday to clean me inside. Scrubs my skin vigorously with a rough
glove. Brush my teeth. Rubs my body from head to toe with a cream and
finally puts back my boots,belt and ties back my hands to it.

- You look good boy. I want the doctor to have a good impression of my new
PonyBoy. Lets go now. Remember,no talking!

He leads me by my cock and balls all the way outside the barn. I haven't
been outside for days. Its good to feel the sun warming my body. I have to
adjust my eyes to the sudden brightness. Steve ties me to a pole and leaves
me there while he goes into a door on the left of the main house. I hear
the sound of a loudspeaker coming from the corral

- start TROT at 5 :....1...2....3.....4......5....

At a distance through the barriers, Blacky is trotting,lifting his legs
high,pulled by his nose,his head pushed back by a wide collar,his black
mane floating,a black tail sticking out of his arse. While I enjoy a warm
breeze in the sun,I hear again the speaker.

- start GALLOP at 5 ......1....2......3......4.....5

Again Blacky follows the lead on his nose and starts running at a fast
pace. His skin gleaming in the sun after a while. Going around in
circle. It must be hard not to fall with his high boots,to keep a a rapid
sustained rhythm.

- Start WALK at 5....1...2...3....4.....5

Moving around with the carousel,Blacky walks slowly,lifting his knees,his
stomach heaving heavily,his body covered by sweat. I pity him to be force
to keep on doing this for hours,everyday,how can you keep your mind?

Steve comes out of the door and brings me in a room. It looks like a real
infirmary,shelves filled with medical supplies,bright neon on the
ceilings,a metal table in the center,plastic chairs. I see a man sitting
behind a desk,it must be the doctor. Suddenly I realized that I'm standing
naked in front of two dressed men. After a week long,I kind of forgot about
my nakedness, I can't hide my private parts exposed to these two men.

- Here it is Ralf,my new PonyBoy. How do you find it?

- What a beauty! You told me it was good-looking,it was an
understatement,its amazing,nice long legs,tall,masculine and such a
beautiful face. Its too bad you always shave their hair. I'm always
surprised you can find such nice specimen, already Blacky turn up to be a
beautiful pony but this one has a really cute face. The body in not yet
perfect,I'm sure you can work on that.

-Well thanks Ralf. I was lucky Now that you have seen it,you can start the
examination.

What a demeaning position.To be standing,naked like a newborn baby with
these two men ogling me. I can't say a word.&nbsp; Their talking about me as if
I was a piece of meat just a thing,an animal. I start to blush,turning red
from head to toe.

- How cute,says Ralf,we have a shy PonyBoy here.&nbsp; .

Steve removes my boots and makes me stand on a scale,the doctor weighs and measures me.

- Can you write down the results Steve.&nbsp; 190 pounds 6 foot 1 . Similar to
Blacky's 6.2.

Lets strap him to the table so we can continue.

Both of them push me down on the cold examination table and tie my
legs,thighs,waist,chest,neck.with large straps. Why are they tying me like
that? What do they have in mind?

-Stop struggling BOY! Ralf do you think its solid enough?

- Yes,you see I have this new special contraction so the head can't turn
sideways. Remember how Blacky couldn't stop moving. I had a hard time
working on his nose.

- Yes,we were covered in blood.

- Maybe you should give the boy something to calm him down,he looks
nervous.

- No problem. ..Here it is,the boy will be calm from now on,he will
continue to hear us,but won't be moving much anymore..

- You can continue while I keep on writing its stats,I like to know its
progress. No need to measure all,I have to wait for the neck,torso and
waist before I work on its tackle.

-True its body will change with the training before settling. Alright, lets
go,the skin is fair,you must take care of it because he will burn
easily,its feet are 12 inches, the hair or whats left of it,is dirty blond,
the eyes: green.Now lets see the teeth,a complete set,32,they are in superb
condition,very white,not even one missing, The gum is healthy. You still
want a larger ring for the nose? You know it will make its nostrils
wider,its nose bigger.

-Yes that's what I want,a more equine look.

-No problem,but its too bad,it has such a cute face,almost boyish. As you
told me for the bit ,I think it will better if I remove four at the
back,but keep the last ones. I made a new bit,bigger that will fit
better,it will be more stable and permanent,locked in place with a plate
that pushes down the tongue,from now on it will make only incomprehensible
sounds.

-Good,I wont have to remove the bit at night,it will make its mouth look
larger.

-You will have to clean its mouth thoroughly to prevent any bacteria
growing. I'll install the usual tits rings and a prince albert with another
ring near the asshole. Do you want me to work on his tongue or vocal cords?

-I' not sure yet,I'll get back to you this afternoon before you work on
Blacky. You still have to remove Blacky's toenails and do a branding on one
of its ass cheek. I've worked on a nice design with my crest.

I'm in a house of fools. This crazy doctor and this sadist Steve working
together to turn me into a freak show. They can't do that! I have to wake
up from this nightmare! The doctor takes hold of my cock. I can't run
away,just have to listen to their crazy conversation. Talking about me as
if I wasn't even there,just an object to play with.

- The penis flaccid.... 4 inches, give my some gel I'll make it hard. Its
soft but if I work it well,it will grow,its natural,even a straight man
can't resist,you told me that he hasn't come for a long time. See! Nice! A
good 8 inches long and wide,a big head ready for the Prince Albert,I'll
make it ejaculate so I can get a sample.

_ Wow! That's a huge load.

- By the way Steve. What name do I have to tattoo on his chest above each
tit?

-I'm not sure yet. Maybe Blondie, Macho boy,Apollo,,Danny,Bronco...What do you think? Have any ideas?
Chapter 10

Thanks to the readers who helped me find a name for Dan. I'll keep those
suggestions for other ponies. Feedback is always encouraging. Your
contribution to nifty is also appreciated.

I just realized where I am,coming out of a dream about an hotel room on the
beach with the sounds of the sea,having sex with a woman with big boobs.
Fucking her slowly,my eyes closed,it was so wonderful,so hot ,so sexy. Then
I open my eyes and everything comes crushing back to me. I'm suspended in
an harness in my stall. I look across the aisle and Blacky is staring at
me,his eyes so full of sadness,making a whining sound. Oh God what have
they done to me? I look down,my ,a big ring a the end of my cock,that must
be what they call a Prince Albert, I'm wearing a collar preventing me from
looking down to my pecs, I notice there is two rings hanging but I can't
really see them well. A big bit is filling my mouth,my tongue can hardly
move,the corners of my mouth pushed back,I can feel something touching my
upper lip,it must me the heavy nose ring. I can't say I'm in pain but its a
general numbness. I must have been out for some time.

 So they did it,they transformed me like they were planning. I feel so
dejected,miserable and powerless. I don't know if I can recover and go back
to my old self. I was so proud of my look,my blondish hair,my straight
nose,my bright teeth. What do I look now? A fucking ugly freak. Even Blacky seems to pity me. The gate was left open and he can see me from head to toe. I'm so shocked that I can't even cry. I try to struggle,to get out of
these restraints,making noise so somebody can hear me. After a while I stop
exhausted and thinking how useless it was. And just hang there,waiting for
an unknown future, defeated.

NO,I wont let them win. No they can't change me. Deep inside its still me,
Dan. Its just the exterior they can control,it can be fixed,my hair will
grow back,my nose remodeled,those rings removed. I need to concentrate on
my old self. Keep on thinking of my former life,my family,my friends,my
straight sexuality,my job. Fill my mind with all the memories,all the
details,the names. What was my math teacher called who inspired me so much?
Yes it was Mister Davidson.I have to hold on to all those precious
moments. I will get out! There must be a way.

The rest of the day passed.Steve came by to inspect me,made me pee and shit
in a pail,fed and watered me. I just stared straight ahead ignoring him
without any reaction. I felt stronger ,regaining my strength and a more
determined attitude. He came back in the evening removing the
harness,leaving me standing in me high boots with the hook in my
asshole. Another long night ahead.

- Good morning boys! How are my PonyBoys doing today? Blacky you'll start
your handcart training today,with your new boots and harness. You have to
get used to pull it,guided by the reigns. Let me see ,your brand is healing
nicely,I'll check in the shower how your toes are doing after the little
operation. Come on! I need to clean you up and take you to the exercise
room. Wait for me Spit,I'll deal with you after,your real training starts
today.

I'm waiting in the shower room,completely naked, except for the metal cuffs
pulling my hands over a pipe. My cock free at last. I look down on my chest
with those awful tattoos,the left one with the word SPLIT written and the
right one with PONYBOY in clear black letter,it looks so permanent. Bare
with no boots and belt,just my new bit and the rings. I already had the
enemas and pissed. Steve comes in naked,its the first time I see him that
way. I have to say he looks good for a man of his age, a forty something
old. I try not to look at him directly. Its awkward to be with a naked
man,being vulnerable.He doesn't seem to mind. In fact he must be enjoying
it. He takes one of my feet and cut my toenails,very short until its almost
painful, then the other one,next ,my finger nails on both hands.They have
never been so short,he finishes the job with a file. He cleans my hears and
nose with cotton swabs. I feel like a doll a little girl is playing with.
He then brushes my still sore mouth going carefully behind that horrible
bit. Once he's done, he lathers me from head to toe,back and front,he holds
me in his arms and start rubbing his chest and legs. I try not to think
that a man is embracing me in his arms,he seems to use my body to lather
his own body. I can feel his hands on my pecs,my abs,he pushes his rod
between my ass cheeks, his hard cock moving up and down. Oh no I hope he
wont penetrate me!&nbsp; I'm relieved when he stops and rinses himself. Suddenly
I feel one finger enter my tight hole,massaging it,slowly,in and out,going
deeper,until he touches my prostate,rubbing it ,at first I was tensed but I
relax and close my eyes. He takes hold of my cock with the other hand. With
the warmth,the soft touching and the slow movement,my cock gets hard. I
open me eyes,I can't let that happen. He can't control that also!.But what
can I do? I remember on the table,the doctor made me cum. Its not my
fault,its just a physical reaction,nothing to do with me. I'm still a
straight man, But it feels so good.! When I'm hard as a rock,he stops and
leaves me with my rod sticking up. Its so frustrating! He rinses me with
cold water,making my cock shrivel. He gets hold of it,pulls it between my
legs and locks it to the ring near my hole.He puts some cream all over
me,specially on my nose,the corner of my mouth and around all the
rings,trying not to hurt me.

I'm now in the exercise room,still naked,with no restraints.&nbsp; -As you know
this is the exercise room. Here you exercise the muscles who are not
solicited as a PonyBoy. I want you to be well proportioned. So you will
work mainly on your arms,hands,wrist,pecs and neck. You have a vast
assortment of pulleys,weights,bars,a station bike ,everything you need,the
room is closed with bars so that I can check on you. You see the monitor on
the side,it will run a program adapted to your needs,you must follow the
indications to the letter or face a harsh punishment. Your workout is
taped. And I'll see if you give it all. Remember I'll feed you at the end
if I'm satisfied that you pushed yourself.Your cock is locked in place so
you don't get distracted and hurt it if it was swinging around..It will
help you focus on your tasks.

It was the worst workout I ever had,I had to run,pull,push,turn.On the
monitor,there was that guy shouting directions,he never seemed to be
tired,always going from one exercise to another with short period to
recover. I tried hard to follow him,missed a few repetitions,but did my
best,at the end I was out of breath,my muscles aching. I hope Steve will be
happy with my efforts, I need to eat something now,.my stomach is making
noises.

-Good Split! Take a rest. You did well,you pushed yourself as much as you
could,that's what I want from you. I wont punish you for the few mishaps
you made. See how nice I can be!Come here near the bars,turn around so I
can lock your hands behind. That's it. Now turn around I'll give you some
water. Finally open your mouth, I will insert that tube, you see that
machine up there will feed you.

A long tube comes from the machine to the back of the bit in my mouth,the
food just flows,I don't have anything to do. I long for a real meal,a tasty
big mac. He's taking the pleasure of food from me. The smell,the taste,the
consistence. Its going straight to my stomach. I hope at least its
nourishing,I need to get back my strength and energy.

Back in my stall,he puts on the boots,the belt and a posture collar,pulls
me by my nose ring in the aisle.&nbsp; -Now Split I want you to go from one end
of the aisle to the other,then back until I tell you to stop. Walk
slowly,keep your balance,that's it. Concentrate on each step, left,
right,your getting it, continue. Stop! Lift you right leg,higher,keep it
up, down, left one, high, stay.down, repeat right, left,right,left, more,
more, your doing well. Right,left. Now you do the same walking, Each leg at
a time, raise it,move it forward,then put it down. Get going! Up!
Down!Longer step.

I try to concentrate. Its hard to walk and not seeing what your stepping
on,the high posture collar lifting my head backward,,so I don't actually
see the boots. Then I have to keep my balance on the balls of my feet
.Steve keeps on directing me, left, right,with a regular rhythm,
left,right. He corrects my posture tapping my arse with the crop,lightly
first,left,right,I'm beginning to be tired,my legs muscles not
used,specially those at the upper back,to do such a repetitive action. When
he sees I'm faltering,he gives me a hard slap that makes me jump.I really
have to focus on my legs,lifting them painfully. When I think I can't move
anymore,he tells me to stop and takes me back to my stall, my nose ring
tied loosely.

- You did well boy, you need practice, don't worry you will learn. I'll give
you a good massage to help you relax, so you don't get any cramps. Good boy?
Feel better now?&nbsp; He rubs my shoulders as he talks smoothly. I can of like
the touch of his warm hand. I just think about my legs. If only I could lie
down on the floor. I've been standing for so long. I try to think about
other things, but I hear in my head Steve's words LEFT RIGHT. LEFT RIGHT, feeling the pain on my ass remembering his soft touch. No, I have to clear my head. Go back to my past, my mother's smile and voice, my father stern look, my sister's laughter, its funny I wasn't that close to them but now its reassuring to think about them...deep inside I'm still Dan.... Holding
on....

Once outside, Steve ties my nose ring to the carousel in the corral. It
starts moving slowly and I just need to follow at a leisurely pace,I just
walk round and round on the soft sandy ground. From the corner of my eye ,I
can see that Steve is hitching Blacky to a small trap,making him hold and
lift the two arms of the cart with his hands,his torso in a harness
attached to it,two reigns hocked to his bit. He wears a very high posture
collar,his long black mane running down, a big black tail coming out of his
backside. Then Steve sits behind on the narrow seat with a whip in his
hand.&nbsp; - GEE UP! Lets go!

I see them leaving the yard and going behind the corral in the open field
on a narrow trail towards the forest. I can hear the sound of the whip. On
the air? Or on Blacky backside? As they get out of my sight,I continue
walking led by my nose ring. I'm getting use to the boots,I found a way to
balance myself. Its nice to feel the warmth of the sun. Steve must have put
a screen lotion because I usually burn easily,my skin is just warm. I half
close my eyes,going around and around.

The sound of the whip wakes me up from my half-asleep state,they pass close
to the corral and stop near the small storage building .I notice that
Blacky is covered in sweat:drops dripping from his forehead,snort from his
nose,dribbles from his mouth.He is out of breath. Steve rubs the top of his
head,speaking softly in his ears then pulls him by the nose to the
barn.Blacky stills manages to lift his legs high up. How does he do it? How
does Steve force him to keep on following his orders?

I've been turning around the corral for some time now. Its getting
boring. I try to think about my former life,to forget my present
situation.Steve finally appears,opens the gate and walks toward me.

- I see boy that you are getting used to the boots. When you are ready,I'll
give you high one like Blacky,maybe higher so that you will be the same
height. Lets get on with your training.&nbsp; SHOW ...start walking Split leg up
LEFT RIGHT LEFT RIGHT HIGHER LONGER STEPS.

He keeps on ordering me,encouraging me with a long whip,it makes a lot on
noise,from time to time he hits me on the arse, legs, back.Making me go
around again and again. I try hard to concentrate on my steps,trying to
avoid the whip. I think I'm about to fall. So exhausted.

- STOP SPLIT. Rest,breath,relax. Good boy! Time to get cleaned,fed and
watered. Lets go to the shower room. Don't forget! From now on,you walk
proudly,head back,showing your tail in your ass,legs with high and long
steps. Good boy!

Back in my stall at last,I can relax,no more collar,my cock is hanging
freely,my ass empty. No hook tonight. My nose ring tied loosely to a beam
preventing from going down.. I still have to stand in my boots. I hope I
can relax and have a good rest after a real arduous day. I nod to Blacky
and close my eyes.
Chapter 11

I'm waiting in the shower room as usual. Arms up,naked,feet and cock
free. Relaxing in the warm damp space. Its been a few days since my
training started. I had to practice the walk to perfection,Steve would
correct the slightest little mistakes with the crop,he never seemed to be
satisfied: adjusting the height,the length of the steps,the position of my
back and arse.If I was showing some slack,he would hit me hard so I had to
really concentrate,my mind completely focused on my body,just trying to
follow Steve's indications. Trying to avoid the crop. Sounds foolish but it
really stings,then after a while even worst,because sometimes he hits the
same spot over and over.But I got the knack of it.. So when I walk to my
stall,the shower or the exercise room or outside to the corral,its becoming
like a second nature.I lift my legs high. I don't even have to think of
it. Its like the SHOW stance,whenever I hear Steve coming,I take it fast.

In the corral,I had to learn to trot. Naturally its faster than the walk, I
don't have to raise my knees so high,its easy at the beginning,but after a
while you get tired and out of breath. Steve gave me time to recover from
time to time.Another day I had to gallop, run as fast as I could,I was
never an adept of jogging or running, I have long legs,so I can walk fast,
its not an activity I liked much. I preferred group sport like basketball
or volley-ball. With my nose ring,always afraid my nose would ripe off,I
had no choice,I just carried on. When I thought I would collapse,Steve made
me stop. He seems to know when he can push me more or when I can't take it
anymore. Yesterday,he left me with the loud-speakers directing me. I would
alternate between WALK,TROT,GALLOP,REST. What could I do? My nose-ring tied
to the carousel. I just followed the lead. I don't know how long it
lasted. At the end ,I was exhausted but in a nice way,like when you have a
good workout. Sometimes I forgot about the boots,my cock locked between my
legs,the high collar. I just walked or ran, my mind empty.

The time in the exercise room is more pleasant, I always fancied working
out,forget all my troubles. To help me release my stress. I worked out a
lot at school or after work. Lately, with my porno obsession and the
ensuing problems with my wife,I stopped all physical activities. I find it
hard to keep up. But I don't mind it. If only it was my choice. I hate the
loud voice of the instructor, it never stops,so its hard to do all the
repetitions. But I do everything to the letter. Since I know Steve could be
watching,I don't need more punishments. I get out of it winded,worn-out but
satisfied. Anyway I have to build up my strength. When the time comes,I'll
show Steve who's on top.

While I wait,I can see my cock stiring.I hate that.It seems to have a life
on its own. Its true that I haven't cum for a long time.I used to jerk off
daily,sometimes more.Hey I'm 23,with a lot of hormones.. I used to watch
all those porno sites, PonyGirls strutting their goods and fantasize myself
dominating them. Now I wake up with a boner after a night of dreams full of
sexy girls. Steve always seems to enjoy touching it before he lets me piss
in the bucket. The worst is in the shower room. After cleaning me,rubbing
himself against my body,he plays with my asshole,inserting one,two fingers
yesterday three. Rubbing my prostate. First I tried to close my sphincter
to prevent him from penetrating me, but its just painful,eventually I
relaxed and just let it go in and out. Anyway its not so bad, after some
time,I close my eyes,feeling the fingers movements,my ass muscle
adapting.The first time he touched my prostate,it was surprising,I never
had felt that sensation before,apart from the doctor and that's not very
erotic,my girl friends never tried that.. Steve rubs my prostate and at the
same time jerks my cock with a regular rhythm. It becomes harder and
harder,I want to cum,I push my cock in his hands,lubricated by my
precum....Suddenly he stops,leaving me all work out and frustrated.

Yesterday when I went back to my stall,walking slowly,raising my legs
high,I felt so ashamed to pass in front of Blacky with my cock sticking
out. When Steve closed the gate, Blacky winked at me. Showing he understood
my feeling and maybe admired my dick. He's in the same
predicament. Whenever I see him naked,he's always sporting a big bone. I'm
sure Steve doesn't let him cum that much. Sometimes I wonder if he's not
giving us Viagra in our meals. I've never been so horny and frustrated in
my life.

So here I am,waiting for the evening cleaning. After the usual
routine,Steve already naked installs an horizontal bar waist high,he
unhooks my wrists and ties them to the back,put on a collar and attaches my
wrists to the collar pulling them up. He then pushes me against the bar. He
takes hold of my nose ring and ties it to a ring on the ground,slowly
bending me over the bar. He brings in a pole with restraints and ties my
legs apart I'm left with my ass in the air,my head down,totally exposed,
cock,balls and ass. I try to struggle because I realized whats going to
happen. I could handle the ass play.But now I know,he's going to fuck
me,take the last remain of my dignity. I feel so mortified. So angry. He
can't do that. I'm not gay! I'm a straight man! Please Steve,I'm your
friend Dan, you can't do this to me. I struggle more. Make some
noises. Trying to say NO NO NO

- Stop that Boy, its no use. Today is THE day. I'm going to take your
cherry. Make you my bitch finally. I know you wont enjoy it, but I
will. With time you'll like it. Don't worry. Now open your hole, I've
prepared it all week.

NO! He can't do that to me. His cock looks so big, I didn't notice that
before. When he comes in front of me,I see that long,large,veined pole
sticking close to my eyes. Its seems huge now,I can't take that. Steve
covers my eyes with a bandanna . I can't see anymore, its much more scary
.Then he fills my hole with a lot of lubricant.I feel him rubbing his dick
between my ass cheeks. I clench my hole tight, blocking the entry. He keeps
rubbing my crack, I continue to hold on, then I feel something poking at my
hole,I can't stop it anymore,I have to let go, its moving in,its so big,I
need to crap,its so painful. I want to push it out but instead its going
slowly in,its ripping me. No stop please,take it out.! Steve holds my waist
firmly with both hands. I tried to push them away,its useless I can't reach
them. He moves slowly the head of the cock inside then suddenly moves
out. Ah!What a relief! I can relax,but just for a minute,he goes in again
fast, I don't have time to react.

-Yeah! Yeah!&nbsp; So good. So tight. Good boy, relax. Let me in.

I try to relax. But it hurts. The bastard is killing me. I feel his rod
going deeper,very deep, tearing me apart. So far inside, completely, his
crotch pushing against my ass cheeks. He starts a regular leisurely rhythm
going back and forth in my hole. I just try to block my thoughts,
separating my mind from my body. It continues for a long time...back and
forth ,pushing all the way in, then moving out, again going all the way in,
...

I just let my body relax, my brain shutting out, ..he rubs my ass,my
balls,play with my cock, but it stays limp... He takes hold of my waits
again, then starts to fuck me harder,and deep, like a fucking maniac,raping
me. When will he stop? My ass must be raw from the incessant use. Each time
he comes in, I moan in my bit, At last he breaths heavier and erupts all of
sudden. He collapses on my back panting. What a relief! He came at last. He
will leave me alone.

-Wow! That was good! A nice new virgin ass. I'll get you back to your stall
so you can recover.

Steve unhooks my nose,pulls me up. Puts back my boots,my belt and reties my arms to it then removes the collar. I'm so angry! I wish I could kill
him. He's lucky,my hands are restrained,I would strangle him. Whose the
animal? Whose the asshole? I look at him defiantly. I won't surrender. When
he puts back my boots and belt and ties back my hands on the side,I don't
cooperate and he has to struggle to finish the work. When he walks me back
to my stall,he has to pull me. I go reluctantly behind him, He needs to
hold the reins tight. I pass in front of Blacky with my semi erect
cock. Finally I'm alone in my stall, trying to pull myself up. Blacky is
staring at me with his dark black eye. I sense he knows what I have been
through,its reassuring to have somebody to share your emotions,he can't
touch me,he can't talk to me. But his eyes tell me so much. It must have
been terrible for him when he was alone experiencing the same ordeal. I
feel ashamed to be in this state by my own fault and let Blacky suffer
because of my lack of sympathy and foolishness. Suddenly I start to
cry,releasing all my anger and frustration. I can't stand the pity in
Blacky's eyes. I can't even dry mine so I just close them.


Its another day in my life,if you can call it that. Its been 5 days,since
my terrible ordeal. The next day,Steve came as usual to take me to the
shower room. He was rough and aggressive. He moved around fast and finished
in no time.

-Hey Split. You are MY PonyBoy. If I want to fuck you,I do it. Your asshole
belongs to me. I don't like your attitude. You have forgotten the rules. If
you please me,you get a reward,if you don't ,you must feel the
consequences. Today your not going to the exercise room but to the
punishment room. I warned you. Lets go.

I had to follow him to dreaded room.I was so scared. What was he going to
do,he had said it would be worst. He almost had to push me in. He made me
lie down on my back on a wooden rack. He strapped my ankles,my legs,my
thighs, my waist,my chest,my neck,my forehead. I couldn't move an inch. I
tried to plead with my eyes,I moaned as loud as I could. He looked at me
with his cold eyes continuing to tighten the restraints. I couldn't lift my
head,I felt my cock and balls tied with a metal wire,a cold rod inserted in
my piss hole,a hard cold metallic plug in my hole.

- Your connected to my electric machine. The power will go up and down at
random. From low to high. I'm sure that at the end,you will have learned
your lesson,that you will be a good boy,ready to please me. Let the fun
start.

It lasted for ever.I thought it would never end. It kept going on for so
long. The low setting was bad but when it went higher,the pain was
unbearable. I couldn't move at all. I just made high-pitch sounds. I always
feared it would go even higher,that I would loose my mind. Hoped I would
faint. But no,I had to endure every minutes. It lasted for I don't know how
long. At long last Steve came back.

- Now boy. I hope you need to have a good behavior and attitude. I need to
check if your really learned your lesson. You will get up.,spread your legs
and bend down. Stick your ass in the air and arch your back. I will give
you ten blows with the paddle. You will NOT move at all. If you do,we start
over again. Is that clear BOY, nod if you understand. Good.. Lets start.

The bastard started to count. I tried to concentrate and not move but at
the seventh,he hit me harder and I just jolted a bit.

- I told you to stay still BOY We have to start over.

He hit me again. I clenched my fist and my bit. The blows kept on coming
regularly hard and swift. At the fourth one he said I had move. The
bastard. It wasn't true. How could I argue? I think he was enjoying it. It
started all over again. I lost count. I don't remember how many times he
hit me or how many times he stopped to repeat. It was just a blur,my ass
reduced to a painful mass of flesh, I just wished it would end. With my ass
exposed and vulnerable.

- you can relax boy, yeah your ass is really warm and red. Your lucky I
didn't make it bleed.Be careful !Listen to what I say. Next time,if there
is one,its your choice.,it will get worse. So think about it. You need to
obey,its for your good. From now on you will never look at me directly,
always keep you eyes straight ahead. No wandering around.

He took me back to my stall for the rest of the day. I had time to think
about everything: the rape,the punishment,the training. I don't want to go
back to that room. I need to adapt my strategy, I have to make him think
that I am obedient and have accepted my present condition., show no more
signs of defiance. Force myself to do exactly what I'm told. That way he
will think that he has broken my will.

Everyday I did what I was told. I pushed hard in the exercise room,not
missing any move or repetition. I walked,trotted and ran,following the
speaker voice or Steve demanding orders. I moved from one place to the
other in the right position,lifting my legs to the right angle. The worst
was the daily fucking in the shower room, I used to associate it with the
warm temperature. Steve instructed me to relax my sphincter or tighten
it,massage his big cock by moving my body back and forth. He did rub my
prostate,making me hard and played with my cock. I got hornier with
time,getting back my morning hardon and my bone sprang to life when he
unhooked it. I tried hard to continue thinking about my former life. I
would concentrate on voices,faces,feelings. Trying to remember how I used
to fuck a nice pussy,hard and deep. Its difficult to always focus,so my
mind wanders from one thing to the other,sometimes without any pattern. And
I have to wait all the time. Wait to piss,to drink,to eat,to relieve
myself,wait to go from one place to the other,wait in the sun,in the
corral.Wait for orders. My life is a string of long period of inactivity. I
enjoyed it more when I exercise or run,at least I'm doing something and I
can forget about my present life. The presence of Blacky all night helps
me, we are in the stall from dawn to sun rise, just standing there, we
manage to communicate,it's odd because we can't talk,move our hands and
only see our heads. But with the movements of our eyes,our head. I can
almost understand his words. Sometimes he uses his voice. Its sounded
inhuman at first, but now I can decipher what he wants to say. We play
games like imitating each other, he blinks.I repeat, moves up his head, or
sideways, opens wide his mouth, or sticks out his tongue., I copy him, or
the opposite. I like to see him when he pulls the trap. I wonder how it
feels. If I will have the stamina to do it for so long. When I see them
coming back, with the corner of my eyes, I've learned not to turn my
head,he's trotting back, raising his legs,his mane in the wind,his tail
sticking from his arse. Steve sitting on the small seat steering him with
the reins with one hand and the whip in the other one. What I miss most is
to touch, to use my hands, there are always tied to my belt. I use them
only in the exercise room, to pull or push the machines, I can always wipe
my forehead but I don't dare touch my cock and balls between my legs,Steve
was very clear about that, NO TOUCHING, I know he's checking on my with the
cams. I can't have the normal use of my hands, to piss or scratch myself,
there seems to be flies all over the place,in the barn or outside, they
seem to take pleasure in buggering me. I try with my hair or tail to brush
them off. Blacky doesn't seem to care anymore, he looks at me smiling with
his eyes. The only human touch is from Steve,when he tries to comfort
me,when he washes me,when he rubs his body on mine,when he fucks me. Can I
hold on more before I'm turned into a faggot. No deep down I continue to be
the same Dan with the same desires Spit is just another entity, what a
ridiculous name. It is already bad to be called boy for a grown up man,
where did he get that? Split. There are many expressions with split, is has
many meanings, maybe he wants to make me run fast in a split second. Who
knows what goes though his mind? Enough,I have to take him out of my mind,
think about women flesh. How I long to feel a woman's skin, so soft,her
nice silky hair. At night I try to remember how good it was.So I close my
eyes to live those sweet dreams.
Chapter 12

Its winter, a long winter..Blacky and I can't go out in the yard anymore
which is cold and covered in snow. Being naked all the time and wearing
boots not adapted to freezing temperature,it is impossible to go
outside. Instead of running in the corral, we have to run in the exercise
room twice a day on a treadmill. I enjoy moving side by side with
Blacky,looking straight ahead but feeling his efforts,smelling our
sweat,hearing our groans. I'm able to keep up with him now,I think I could
even beat him in a race. I am living the moment,full of adrenaline,in a
bliss.

In the shower room,its been very different since the new groom-boy came. He does his business without any feeling,as if he was grooming some
animals. No more rubbing or playing with my balls and cock. When he gives
my enemas,he just puts the tube in and doesn't touch my anus and my
prostate. Its just a job for him. Its funny but I don't really care about
being nude all the time,I don't think about it anymore. When I wear my
harness,my belt,my collar,my tail and my cock is hidden between my legs,I
don't feel exposed as I was before. Its like having a costume on.

So nowadays we don't see the Master as much, yes I call him master,I know
he's Steve, but he always refer to himself as master. Whenever he whispers
in my ears to encourage or reassure me. Or when he is shouting with the
crop or whip. I got use to calling him that in my head. Anyway its a
fact. Steve is just a memory for me. The groom is young,not much older than
18-19.he's shorter than Blacky and I,maybe 5,10.his brown hair is cut short
like a marine. He's always dressed in an overall with working boots. I
think he sleeps in the house. Because he works 7 days a week. I wonder
whats his status is. At first he was skinny,but with his daily work,he has
gained some muscles. I don't think he is gay,he just moves us around
without touching us more than necessary. There was an incident one
night. He came late in the evening and went into Blacky's stall. Fucked him
hard. I could hear his moans mingled with Blacky's own. It was so
demeaning. Poor Blacky being used like a sextoy. He stared at me and I
tried to make him understand how I felt for him. It didn't last long and
the groom left silently. The next day,he was in a foul mood,pushing us
around and he walked in a funny way, as if there was something between his
legs. One day I saw him coming out of the shower room, yes he shower here
and not in the house,wearing a chastity belt that he tried to hide fast. I
must say that the place is sparkling clean,its a lot of work,specially now
that we are in all the time. Taking both of us from one room to the other,
grooming, feeding,watering us. Once a while he wanks us,I heard the Master
tell him that was for hygienic reasons, its not very erotic,he keeps on
going until we come. For him it must be like milking a cow. So we are left
most of the time with our blue balls,horny and frustrated.

The strangest event was when one night after shower time, I was in my stall
exchanging signs with Blacky,the Master came and opened both of our gates,
then proceeded to install a waist level bar in my stall, then pushed me
against it,bend me over and tied my nose ring down. I thought he was going
to fuck me,it had been a while,but no, he went to collect Blacky's and
brought him behind me.What a surprise! He was going to have my pony
companion penetrate me!

- Now BOY. Stick you cock out. That's it! I"ll grab your balls and you
follow my lead. You Spit,just relax,make Blacky happy. Yeah,push it in, now
out, in again. Deeper,all the way in. Don't move by yourself. Let my hand
guide you.

His tool was bigger and wider than Master's. The fact that we didn't get to
cum often made us horny all the time. I thought that I owned it to him to
give him some pleasure since I was responsible partially to his plight. So
I clenched my hole, massaging his pole. I have to admit that the constant
rubbing of my prostate made me hard,my cock was leaking. I could see,since
my head was tilted,some strands of precum coming down. At long last he came in my chute and filled my ass. Steve pulled him out and walked him
back. Then straighten me. He left us in the dark. When I adjusted to the
light. I could see that Blacky was ashamed. He didn't dare look at me
straight in the eyes. I tried to convey that it wasn't his fault. That we
were just tools in Master's hands. With him blaming himself and me still
sexually frustrated .We both had a restless night.

&nbsp; The wicked doctor came from time to time, he always seemed to be planning something devilish,suggesting wild modifications to our bodies. My Master resisted,he doesn't want to turn us into monsters. But he did agreed to
remove my toenails . He whispered in my ears the that it was for my own
good, to prevent infection or my nails to become ingrown also to be more
comfortable in my boots. But I'm sure its probably because it's less
work. One day he had me branded. It was terribly painful,my butt was in
pain for days. That's why I always hate it when the doctor comes,its never
good. On one visit Blacky freaked out,resisting as much as he could but to
no avail. Master was very upset and he took him to the punishment room for
three days. I don't know what happened ,its sound-proof,but I was worried
for Blacky,I surely don't want to go there.On one visit,just a few weeks
ago,I had a glimpse of myself while I was patiently waiting for Master and
the doctor. I was surprised how I looked: not an ounce of fat,big sturdy
legs,with wiry calf and thighs.A slim waist, six-pack abs, nice big
pecs,muscular arms. In the days I worked out in the gym so hard, I never
had such results. My hair was long now, shaven bare on the side and in the
middle my brown mane flowing down on my neck. It was as if I was looking at somebody else. Even something else,a PonyBoy. That's what I am
now. Specially if you see my cock and balls locked ,my nose enlarged by a
ring and my mouth filled with the bit.

Before winter,,we would go outside and run in the fields. Master continued
to train me with the special rickshaw made of aluminum, its very light,it
felt good to go on the trail. First we went only in circle on the short
trail on flat land,after I could run and pull the rickshaw up the hill into
the forest. Master whipped my back and ass to keep a regular speed. After
some time, I could manage to move fast enough so he hit me less. I could
see the trees with their branches,flowers smelling nicely,butterflies.When
I came back, I passed by the corral where Blacky was, I was proud to show
Blacky how I could perform like him,my mane in the win, trotting with my
boots high. There was one trap designed for him and the other one for
me. Master whispered in my ears how he will build one with both of us
pulling side by side. With the long winter I hope he had time to work on
it. Back in the yard,,when the Master was satisfied,he would pat us on the
head,talking softly.When he was really pleased, he would put in my mouth a
sugar cube. It just melted slowly in my throat. It felt so good to taste at
last something, never thought I would feel so happy just eating a sugar
cube.. I would have killed to get one little piece again.. But I had to
wait for the Master. Wait for him to be in a good mood.

Finally we went out,the sun was warm enough to run outside. The ground was muddy in the yard and the corral. It was hard to follow the carousel,our
boots sticking to the mud. So the master adjusted the time to help us keep
the rhythm.. I could see Blacky from the corner of my eyes,since he was
opposite me. We didn't stay long the first day. It was still cool. But it
was nice to feel the sun on our body.To run in the open space.

Yesterday while we stood in our stalls,we heard a lot of noise coming from
outside. The horn of a car,wheels turning on the gravel,doors
slamming. Master doesn't have visitors apart from the doctor, Blacky and
I,looked at each other surprised and intrigued. Maybe he is having a party.

So this morning,I am waiting with my usual hardon for the groom to have a
leak. When I hear the barn's door open and some loud voices,somebody
running in the aisle. Then I see a woman climbing on my gate looking at me.

- Hey Jane come here. You have to see that! A real stallion! Wow! Never
seen one live before. Its so big and tall when you see it close.

- I know. Come, there is another one on the other side. What a body! He
must work out everyday. He has a nice black mane. Oh, he's shy! He's
turning around. Probably hiding his huge erection.

- This one also. They must really enjoyed this fantasy ,he even had some
permanent tattoos inked, over his pecs. SPLIT PONYBOY . Whats the name on yours?

- BLACKY PONYBOY, and there in a brand on his left ass cheek.

- mine also, I don't know if I could go all the way like that. I like pony
play but I wouldn't have my face disfigured with that ugly nose ring.

- As they say each his own tastes.

- Come on girls. Time to get the fun going! You Janet go to that stall and
you Angela to this one.

What a shock! I feel so naked and so exposed. I got used to have men ogling
me.I don't care . But a woman! To see my hardon. And she thinks that I like
it. To judge me! That it's a game. Who in the name of God would accept it?
Its futile to try to make them understand my plight. Even me, I didn't
realize the truth when I came to visit here.

The two couples go to their respective stall, one on each side of
Blacky. The two men carry in a lot of stuff and they close the gates. I can
hear them working on the two giggling girls. Then they put the head gear on
and they silenced them with a bit. They tie their hairs like a ponytail.

One guy opens the gate and pulls out one girl all dressed up like a
PonyGirl. I stand with my mouth open,its my dream come true in front of
me. High boots making her ass sticking out,nice round firm boobs pushed out
by a constricting harness and wide collar lifting her head. I'm so
aroused. My cock painfully hard,leaking some precum. And the smell,its been so long,the perfume of a wet pussy. I look at Blacky and I can see that
he's also in a maze. Both of the PonyGirls leave lead by their collar to
play in the corral.

Its the first time in months that I feel like myself again,all my memories
come back,how I like the look of a woman,the touch and mostly the pungent
smell.. The two PonyGirls must really be enjoying themselves.The two
masters surely playing with their clit while they dressed them up. After
they left, the odor continues to lingers in the barn,filling my nostrils. I
have mixed feelings. I'm so happy to be myself again. To think about myself
as a real man. Dan is back. That girl thought about me as an human being
not an animal,as I was slowly accepting. But that makes my present
condition even worse. I'm still stuck here looking more and more like a
PonyBoy and these stupid girls thinking that I enjoy it. With no end in
sight. I have to find a way to escape. There must be a way. Master in
always careful to tie and untie us very carefully, but the groom is not so
zealous, he seems to want to finish as soon as possible. One of these days,
I will run away with my friend Blacky.

Our daily routine is changed, we have to stay inside since the corral is
probably used for the two PonyGirls. We run in the exercise room side by
side. Master comes to take Blacky for a ride outside. Then come back and
its my turn. Master hitches me to my rickshaw. While I wait for him to
finish, I have a glimpse of the girls in the corral. I'm somehow
disappointed, it doesn't look very real, like in my fantasies, its like a
game. They walk awkwardly in their boots, with no rhythm, lifting theirs
knees from time to time. The masters hit them lightly with a riding crop,
tapping them softly in their bums. They still look astonishing, sweating
profusely. Its a long time I've seen real tits or touch any. I wish I was
the master. I would give them the time of their life. Their bums and back
would be red from my blows. They would learn to have the proper posture.Its
just a game for them. They don't see that its for real for me. They don't
care about my plight. I hear the whip. Up we go. Its so good to run and
breath the clean air, my minds filled with PonyGirls, breasts and pussies.

I got used to the new routine. During the weeks we worked out and ran
outside like before, during the weekends there was always people coming,
masters,PonyGirls and PonyBoys. Master must be renting the place. When they looked at us with envy or disdain,they always assumed we were
volunteers,into an heavy trip. I was impossible to communicate, the groom
was there to make sure nothing happened, we didn't mixed with them. We
stayed mainly in the barn. Anyways they were having so much fun playing out their fantasies in the open.
But today is different, both Blacky and I are hitch to our respective trap
in the yard. Master comes out with two women all dress up like two
amazons.Master helps them to seat . And begins to teach them how to ride
us. How to pull the reigns. How to make us go faster or slow down. How to
turn. Without using words. Just the reigns. When to push us with the
whip,using one hand for the reigns and the other for the whip. The one
using me is not very good, but she gets the hang of it. And off we go on
the trails. The two women are having fun, joking with each other. Making
leery remarks about our body. But after a while they become more demanding, pushing us more, hitting us more. Laughing at us. On the was back they decide to have a race,wagering a large sum of money. They use the whip all the time.I just run as fast as I can, just want it to end, I overtake
Blacky and arrive first in the yard. I am completely winded and
exhausted. My ass and back in pain, I see Blacky's bottom bleeding. Mine
must be also in the same condition. Master comes out and he isn't very
happy.

- I told you to be careful. Not to ruin their bodies. You'll have to pay if
its permanent.

- No problem Steve. I don't care about money. We had such a blast! Hey
Louise didn't we? I'm sure they enjoyed it also. They must be submissive
men, who get their kicks suffering.

And off they go leaving us without even a look, panting and in pain. How
could they do that to us? Just for fun. Master uses the whip to train us,
to correct us or to improve our skills. Those two bitches just wanted to
play with us without thinking of the results. The master goes to the clinic
and comes back with a tube of cream. He rubs delicately our back and
arse.We had a bad night, suffering all night

 This morning I still feel bad, we had a restless night.I hear the doctor
coming with master.



- Look Ralf. You think you can do something.? I don't want them to be scar
permanently. To have to look at an injured ass when I drive them in the
fields. You Split bend down so the doctor can examine you.

- Its not so bad Steve.Don't worry. Its lucky you put that cream
immediately. It will fade away with time. As for myself, I think they
should show some marks so we can see they are real slaves but that's your
choice, you want to have two perfect specimens. After all the time and work
you have invested in those two,it would a pity to have to change for a new
pair.

The doctor is really an asshole. How I would like to put my hands on him. I
begin to worry: if ever the master exchanges us,where would we end up. It
could be worse.

Today we are hitch to our respective traps. Master and the groom walk
toward us joking and teasing each other.

- Boy you take Split this time. I'll take Blacky. We will see who is the
best jockey.

- Yes Sir. I'm sure I can make Split win.

I like to race against Blacky. At first he always won. But now I know I can
beat him. Especially today. I feel strong. I was always competitive
before. In sports.or games. I hated to loose. But with Blacky its just a
friendly competition. I run as fast as I can. When I see him gaining with
the corner of my eyes, I pull even harder. They don't have to use the whip
to encourage us, just the sound of the whip in the air is enough to give us
the extra mile. When we arrive we look at each other, tired and out of
breath, and we share like comrades our common satisfaction. I won today,
Steve and the groom get down, pushing each other and laughing.


- You were lucky. I missed one turn, I didn't pull on the reigns fast
enough. Maybe I should use the whip more.

- No I had a better tactic than you Sir, Spit is an intelligent PonyBoy, it
knows when its time to give it all.

- Its true that it has improved a lot. Anyway they make a good pair. But
don't worry I'll beat you next time!

What a pair! They think they are doing the work. They take the credit for
it. Here we are sweating and panting, WE put all the efforts. They finally
think about us and give each of us the wonderful cube of sugar.

I still dream about PonyGirls when I wait in my stall, my mind wandering
from boobs to cunts. The problem is that I don't get to cum much. Its
always the groom jerking me so fast that I don't have time to get some
pleasure from it. I must admit I don't mind when Blacky comes to enter
me. After this afternoon race, the master brings in Blacky in my stall and
bends me over the bar. I open up my chute and let his cock in. Usually
master holds his cock and guides it in and out. But...

- Well boys.I'm busy and I'll you two have a good time. Blacky I want you
to fuck Split as you wish. I'll come back in a while. But don't move out of
his hole,stay in. Also don't cum before I come back. Be careful! You know
the consequences when you disobey.

So he leaves us. I'm bent over the bar with my ass open and Blacky behind
me. He starts to hump me slowly and gently. As if he didn't want to hurt
me. But I feel his cock is getting bigger and going deeper inside me. Then
he stops moving, he must be afraid to cum, he remains inside, then he
starts again. He rubs my prostate at the same time. It feels so good. I'm
horny as hell. He continues sometime faster then slows down again. When I
tighten my hole to massage his cock, he stops and again pushes back and
forth. I just close my eyes and let myself enjoy the moment. When master
comes back,I'm in a bliss. While master takes hold of my cock, he tells
Blacky to cum in my ass. Master jerks me hard as Blacky pumps me
violently. I can feel how his cock is huge now, going very deep inside my
bowels, I can't stop myself. Both of us start grunting loudly and come at
the same time.

Since the start of summer, things went back into a routine. After our bad
experience with the two women, master didn't let anybody use us. The
visitors could always take a look but all the visitors had to play between
themselves. I really hate it when they peek to see me piss in the morning
or watch me get my enemas. Lately,he races us against other ponies.
Sometimes both of us in pair. There is a variety of carts now.&nbsp; Single,
double, in line. There is a PonyBoy who carries his mistress on his
shoulders, its strange to see that big black male controlled by a small
woman. I still think about my former life,but less and less. I know that
one day the groom will make a mistake an I will escape.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Richard Taillon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





